¥
L

var

Q1 Australian Q2 User 03 Low Cost 04 Vandal Q5 Weather
Made Friendly Ownership Resistant Resistant

|
Bs ie He ~ 2: 86S RK Gp
ln

rTToTr
A

a
I ;

CUSTOMER SERVICE TELEPHONE

Standard sizes includes - W130mm x H270mm and W233mm X H322mm (custom sizes available)
Choose from keypad, custom buttons to a no button handset or loud-speaker options.
Custom screen printing, engraving & labelling on panel available

POWER OPTIONS
LINE POWERED - Running off a PABX system or Service VolP POWERED - By PoE or external power supply
Carriers Telephone Line SOV (no power supply) 4G Series - 12V DC Power supply or Battery & Solar

EXTERNALLY POWERED - Unit is provided witha 12V Powered.
DC Power supply
oi] | |

TT. CST (Customer Service Telephone) is a dedicated information and customer
support telephone. Made for high traffic public areas or secure installations.

It’s designed to be a reliable and durable to suit the high usage in a any location.

Our CST’s have been installed as customer information telephones in: Banks, Supermarkets,

LETC rrr
PELE LETT)
it 0 Tl tir The CST is also used as Public Telephones and in Prisons, where a durable exterior is

TTTTT TTT TTT

TI ean tl A variety of options are available, including features allowing the handset to be mounted

Shopping Centres, Taxi Areas, Airports, Train Stations, Hotels and Tourist Locations as an
alternative to a staffed information kiosk.

required.

away from the main control equipment and flush mounting/wall mounting kits to ensure right

PUTT ETT |

fitting for any installation.

Options include a Keypad (touch tone dialing) capabilities to use IVR services and direct

“installed in the toughest and 1
L most exposed public locations” J

memory location dialing.

We design & manufacture The CST unit in Australia to withstand general public locations to be
reliable and vandal resistant.

With a low-cost of ownership, the CST is the best choice for durable telephone.

FEATURES

Vandal resistant handset

* Modular mounting

Full-duplex

Auto dialling, Hot Line & Keypad dial.

Vandal Resistant Stainless Steel Exterior

