GUA

DOORSTATION

12 Guard Doorstation is a interactive loud speaking telephone unit. It’s compact design (standard brick
size) ideal for installation in office, light commercial and residential locations.

Designed to be integrated any location that requires a loud speaking, hands-free telephone. It includes a
vandal resistant front panel and weather resistant enclosure which offers reliable secure entry to any
property. This user friendly unit will give you the ability to authorise access to welcomed visitors with
door release activation.

Australian designed and manufactured, The Guard unit is designed to withstand tough
conditions and is built to be reliable, weather and vandal resistant.

With a low-cost of ownership, the Guard Doorstation is the best choice for securing 4
“pany property from unwanted entry. |

igs

is designed as a is designed for
Flush Mount unit. It's size is deigned to fit neatly in the — surface mount installations. It comes already fitted with
space of a standard house brick and is installed in a a Stainless Stee! Enclosure.
wall-mount box enclosure.

POWER OPTIONS

LINE POWERED - Running off a PABX system or Service- VolP POWERED - By PoE or external power supply
Carriers Telephone Line 50V (no power supply)

EXTERNALLY POWERED - Unit is provided with a 12V
DC Power supply

4G Series - 12V DC Power supply
n s RK Gp
(7 222 $ ul
Australian User Low Cost Vandal Weather
Made Friendly Ownership Resistant Resistant

Stainless Steel Enclosure Included Remote relay activation
Telephone-line powered Remote programming facilities — )
. Hands free operation Remote diagnostic testing .

Loud speaker output: Extenally Powered: 1Watt, Self identification
VoIP: 1Watt, LinePowered:78dBa/1 metre Vandal resistant

S Remote level.control (for noisy environments) \, Weather Tough

Auto dialling with alternate numbers Stainless steel hood s
\ \
\ Stainless steel push button Door release aN
\ Push-to-talk option \ Firmware upgrade » +
Speaker/microphone ' >
(Vertical) > < (Horizontal)
Stainless Steel | Zinc plated mild steel, Flush
Weather Tough ). mount Wall box Enclosure

Enclosure Included

W 100mm H 225mm D 45mm

Included
W 240mm H 90mm D 50mm

DallasDelta

Corporation Pty. Ltd.

GUA

DOORSTATION

Guard Doorstation
Line Powered (LP)

The Guard Doorstation Line Powered, only requiring a
PSTN pair for power. Programming and setting up of
the unit is via a remote touch tone phone or using a
local keypad.

The Guard microphone and speaker level can be
adjusted remotely. As well as individually activating up
to *two separate relays. Multiple call buttons can be
fitted if requested.

* Second relay available on request

Guard Doorstation

Externally Powered (DoorCom)

Similar to the Line Powered (LP) the Externally
Powered (DoorCom) version is more suited to noisy
environment with a higher wattage output speaker.

Programming and setting up of the unit is via a remote
touch tone phone or using a local keypad.

* Second relay available on request

Guard Doorstation

VoIP
The Guard VoIP, connecting CAT5 cable with PoE is
required for operation.

The VoIP model is standard IP-based communications
network and uses the SIP protocol for a fast and reliable

Height 133 mm
Width 275 mm
Depth 85 mm

< Weather Hood Enclosure

Designed to help protect a flush mounted
installed unit from weather and vandalism.

connection to modern PBX systems. The Guard VoIP
can be PoE or externally powered. It provides remote
door/gate release feature.

Programming is via a web browser interface on a
connected network.

* Second relay available on request

VoIP Features
Compatibility SIP Protocol, CCM, Asterisk PBX
Dedicated VoIP chip set

Firmware upgradable

Only requiring a 10/100 base ethernet

Multi codec selection

1 on board relay with unique codes (optional 2nd)

Either relay may be set to in-use function

Relay “on” timer

Remote relay activation (door/gate release)

Hands-free up to 85dB @ 1Meter speaker output

Handset model available
Auto disconnect

2 Modes of power over ethernet (PoE)

Conversation timer

All options set via web browser

Non volatile memory
Optional dual line LCD with back light

Syslog relayed on events & at set intervals

—~— 2 6S AK ae)

Australian User Low Cost Vandal Weather
Made Friendly Ownership Resistant Resistant
External Powered (DoorCom) —_Line Powered (LP) VoIP 4G SERIES

FEATURE

Standby Current 10mA @ 12Vde <50UA 60mA @ 13Vde 60 mA @ 12v- Battery charged

Relay Contacts Voltage free outputs Voltage free outputs. Voltage free outputs Voltage free outputs

Dimensions Vertical W 100mm H 225mm D 45mm W 100mm H 225mm D 45mm W 100mm H 225mm D 45mm W 100mm H 225mm D 45mm

Wall cutout (horizontal) ‘W 245mm H 95mm D 55mm W 245mm H 95mm D 55mm W 245mm H 95mm D 55mm W 245mm H 95mm D 55mm

Speaker Level 80dB @ 1 Meter 75dB @ 0.5 Meter 80dB @ 1 Meter 78dB @ 1 Meter

PoE Class Requirements NIA NIA PoE class 1 IEEE802.3af NIA

Guard Doorstation (vertical) mkIl
Dimensions (mm) 100 x 225 x 45

Designed to be versitle in
installation, it includes a vandal
resistant, weather shielding | Guard Doorstation (horizontal) mkill

stainless steel enclosure. Facia Dimensions (mm) 254 x 104 x 42
(Surface mount installation) | Wall cutout (mm) 245 x 95 x 55

Includes a flush-mount
wall-mount box enclosure.

