s
01 Back-Lit
Low Powered
LoD 04 one Touch
Call

y

@

05 Complete
Hands Free |
Auto Answer

8 «)

~ 02 Hands Free
Loud Speaker
& Mic
ee TS eo,
— =
me
03 call List y;
Directory
06 Preset
Speed dial
_
ie

Designed for a clean room hygienic work space. It features easy to use large buttons,
with one press Speed-Dial. A Loud speaker & Microphone that filters out background
L noise and Auto answer / Auto Hang-up. _|

POWER

VoIP POWERED - By PoE or external power supply.

An Ethernet connected doorstation that provides Voice over Internet communication technology.
Giving you the power of our PSTN base units in a IP format.
“ 323 $ PS
O1 Australian Q2 User 03 Low Cost QO4 Chemical
Made Friendly Ownership Resistant

he Hygienic telephone is designed to meet the communication needs of
pharmaceutical, medical, and clean-room facilities.

The front panel’s polyurethane cover makes it resistant to harsh cleansers and most other
chemicals used in a laboratory.

It’s flat surface is easy to clean and does not have projecting buttons and crevices that
can retain residues and become contaminated.

“Complete hands-free functions... |
L Auto answer to Auto hang-up” |

The Hygienic telephone has a number of presets and automatic features to minimise the
touching of the unit. With hands-free functions like auto answer and auto hang-up.

To make a call, use the one-touch speed-dialling keypad to ten preset telephone numbers.
(Auto-Redial’s three times if the number is engaged)

Easy to program mode where the LCD will prompt you with instructions step by step. Or
if the Hygienic Telephone is installed in a restricted area where a service people can’t gain
aes access. The unit can then be remotely programmed.

FEATURES
Hand-free operation
—— Auto Answer / Hang-up / Redial
Speed Dial - Multi-number dialling option 10 direct memories
Loud speaker output 78DbA/1metre

Chemical resistant Polyurethane Panel

Easy Cleaning Flat smooth Panel (no protrusions)

Flash transfer

Remote level control speaker / microphone

Remote relay activation door release

Remote programming facilities

Remote diagnostic testing

Switching circuitry to screen out constant background industrial noise

DallasDelta

Corporation Pty. Ltd.

HY GIE

“NIC

CLEAN ROOM TELEPHONE

Functions

1 Volume down / Menu Down key

2 Yes / Enter key
3 No / Cancel key
4 Volume Up / Menu Up key

5 Microphone position

6 Mute / Mute on Answer / PABX Pause entry key
7 Flash / Transfer key

8 Redial key

9 Auto Answer function ON / OFF

10 ON /OFF key

11 Number entry keypad.

12 Speed dial memory directory
13 LCD display.
14 Speaker

VoIP Model

The Hygienic VoIP, connecting using CAT5 cable with
PoE required for operation.

The VoIP model is standard IP-based communications
network and uses the SIP protocol for a fast and reliable
connection to modern PBX systems.

Programming is via a web browser interface on a
connected network.

Additional Features

VoIP-H FEATURES

Dedicated VoIP chip set

Firmware up-gradable

Only requiring a 10 Base-T ethernet

Compatibility SIP Protocol, CCM, Asterisk PBX ect.
Multi CODEC selection

10 One Touch Speed dial locations plus last number redial
Hands-free with 1 Watt RMS speaker output

Auto disconnect

2 modes of Power over Ethernet (PoE) or separate power input

Conversation timer

Auto Answer on/off and may be selectable locally

Auto Mute on Auto Answer, selectable on/off

Adjustable speaker volume control (during a call)
All options set via HTTP Web GUI

Non volatile memory

Dual line LCD with back light

On board relays with unique codes (optional 2nd relay)

Either relay may be set for in-use function

Remote relay activation (door/gate release)

Relay on timer
“—e 2 = OS RK Gp

Australian User Low Cost Vandal Weather
Made Friendly Ownership Resistant Resistant

VoIP Model
FEATURE
Power: == sInputvoltage = 9 Volts (minimum)-50Volts(maximum)
Current consumption: Idle mode 60mA @ 13Vdc (0.8 Watts)
On call 100mA @ 13Vdc (1.3 Watts) normally

<300mA @ 13Vdc (3.9Watts) (maximum volume into a 8ohms speaker)

Temperature: Operating range 0°C to +50°C

Communication: Ethernet 10 BASE-T SIP
Connection protocol G711 (uLaw, aLaw), Speex, iLBC, G726-32
CODECs GSM, G.729

4 Step Installation

@ Using the supplied paper template, level and place in a location
away from studs or cables. Then cut and drill as marked on template.

@) Install flush-mount bracket
@) Connect required cables
) Push unit into cavity and clip into brackets

