  Australian     User          Low Cost       Vandal       Weather
  Made           Friendly      Ownership      Resistant    Resistant




VoIP Doorstation S-11 User’s Manual        VoIP Doorstaion Phone S11




               102 Albert Steet Brunswick East VIC Australia 3057
                    tel: (+613) 9387 7388 | fax: (+613) 9387 3128
                   sales@dallasdelta.com | www.dallasdelta.com
 Custom Communication Solutions




Dallas Delta Corporation Pty. Ltd. is an established and respected provider of
specialist communications equipment.

We design and manufacture our products in Melbourne and have many thousands of
satisfied customers within Australia and internationally.

Our aim is to supply customers with a quality product and great service for the life of
their product. We believe in a good customer relationship which gives our clients the
support they need in order to establish and build their business.



                www.dallasdelta.com


                sales@dallasdelta.com

                sales | services | spares
                +61 3 9387 7388

                fascimile
                +61 3 9387 3128


                dallasdelta

                head office | repairs
                Dallas Delta Corporation Pty. Ltd.
                102 Albert Street
                Brunswick East VIC Australia 3057                                    E3589
Copyright Notice
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, transmitted or stored in a retrieval
system in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise,
without the prior written permission of Dallas Delta Corporation Pty. Ltd.
Dallas Delta Corporation Pty. Ltd. reserves the right to make changes to features and specifications
at any time without prior notification in the interest of ongoing product development and improvement.
© 2017 Dallas Delta Corporation ABN 11 005 617 532
                                           Contents
1.0   Introduction ......................................................................... 5



2.0   How to Use This Manual .................................................... 5



3.0   Quick Start Guide ............................................................... 6


            3.1 Getting Started - Basic Procedures .......................... 6

            3.2 Logging On to the Home Page ................................. 6

            3.3 Button Call Number Assignment ............................... 8

            3.4 Settings ................................................................... 9

                      3.4.1 Network Settings ...................................................... 9

                      3.4.2 SIP Proxy Settings .................................................. 10

                      3.4.3 System Settings ...................................................... 11

                      3.4.4 Voice Codecs ......................................................... 12

                      3.4.5 Reset Static IP Address (default) ............................ 13

                      3.4.6 Reset DHCP IP Address Range ............................. 13

                      3.4.7 Retrieving the IP Address ........................................13

                      3.4.8 Factory Reset ........................................................ 13




                                                                                                        3
                                         Contents
4.0 Operator User Guide ............................................................. 14

5.0 Programming Instructions .................................................... 16
      Logging in   .................................                                   16
      Settings         ...............................                                 17
      NetWork setup    ...............................                                 17
      Voice Menu     ................................                                  18
      SIP Proxy Settings .............................                                 19
      Calling Functions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      20
      System Settings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      21
      Configurations    ..............................                                 23
      Keyless Codes     ..............................                                 24
      Phone Numbers . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        25

6.0 Specifications        .................. ...........                               26
       Warning . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .


7.0 PCB Layout . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         27

8.0 Wiring Details         .............................                               28


9.0 Release Notes          .............................                               29




                                                                                            4
                                                                  i        1.0 Introduction

Thanks you for choosing Dallas Delta products. We hope that our product will meet the demands of
your application needs and it will give you many years of trouble free use.

The VoIP Doorstation is an ethernet connected telephone that provides voice over internet Protocol
(VoIP) communication technology.
Giving you the power of our PSTN base units in a IP format. Using a SIP protocol standard, it provides an
easy connection to most VoIP based equipment.
The DoorStation is a loud speaker, hands-free unit. It is well suited for homes, hotels, hospitals and
universities as well as many business and commercial settings and providing remote gate access
guarding you against unwanted entry onto your property.
This document outlines the units Features, Operation, Programming instructions and Installation
procedures.




                                                2.0 How to Use this Manual

This manual is set out with the intended use of both installers and end users in mind. It will give you
the ease and quick turn-around time of installation required to get the job done efficiently and will also
give you a very detailed understanding of the unit you are installing and putting into real-world use.

It is very important that installation of this unit is carried out by a qualified personnel to avoid damage
of the unit and correct functionality of the product. It will also ensure that safely requirements are met
for everyday use of this electrical product.

When installing this product for the first time, it is critical to follow the quick start guide to begin with.
This will ensure that your new product is up and running in a very simple and easy manner with as
minimal time as possible.

It is then recommended that the manual be read from cover to cover to allow you to fully understand
the capabilities of your product and be able to obtain the most of this unit.




                                                                                                                 5
                                                         3.0 Quick Start Guide
3.1 Getting Started - Basic Procedures
There are a few basic procedures that will need to be completed in order to get your VoIP Doorstation
working immediately. Please follow these simple procedures in order before attempting to use your
phone:

      > Log on to your VoIP Doorstation
      > Enter basic ‘SIP Proxy’ parameters
      > Enter basic ‘Systems’ parameters
      > Enter basic ‘Network’ parameters
      > Program your call numbers for auto dialling

Below are very simple to follow step-by-step procedures to getting your VoIP Doorstation up and
running:


3.2 Logging On to the Home Page
In order to begin setting up your VoIP Doorstation you must first log into the unit via a web browser
(such as Google Chrome, Firefox, Internet Explorer, etc.). log into your VoIP doorstation by typing in
the IP address of the phone in the address bar.




                                    VoIP Doorstation Home Page

                                                                                                         6
                                                          3.0 Quick Start Guide

1                                         In the web browser’s address bar, enter the IP address of the
                                          phone you wish to program.

                                          The factory default address is 192.168.1.100

                                          note: No password is programmed when dispatched from
                                          factory setup.




2                 ABC     DEF
                                          If you do not know the IP address of the phone, press the ‘C’
       1            2      3      A       button on the programming keypad on the rear panel of the
                                          phone and it will play back a voice message with the current
       GHI         JKL    MNO
       4            5      6      B       IP address.
     PQRS          TUV    WXYZ
       7            8      9      C
      EXIT                ENTER

                    0      #      D
       *
    www.dallasdelta.com           E3585




3                                         Once you have successfully logged on to the phone’s home
                                          page, program numbers for the call buttons.

                                          Select ‘Phone Numbers’ and see the next page




                                                                                                      7
                                                       3.0 Quick Start Guide
3.3 Button Phone Numbers
Here is where phone numbers are allocated to the Call Buttons on the front panel of the VoIP
Doorstation. The ‘Index’ column is the allocated call button,
001 = button 1       The only location needed, If the unit you have only has one button.
002 = button 2
003 = button 3
004 = button 4 (etc.)




                           Button 1
                           Button 2
                           Button 3
                           Button 4




                         VoIP Doorstation Button Call Number Assignment


  4                                    Enter a description in the ‘Name’ field of where the call will be
                                       directed.

                                       Enter the phone number you wish the button to call.

                                       Press ‘OK’ to store your new entries.




                                                                                                      8
                                                         3.0 Quick Start Guide
3.4 Settings
3.4.1 Network Settings
Note changing the network settings at this stage will required you to re-log back into the phone if the
IP is changed. If so, follow the steps outlined in 3.2 Logging on to the Home Page.

  5                                      This page will show the current status of the registration,
                                         MAC ID, and version number of the F/W.

                                         If you phone does require a static IP location, then verify with
                                         the IP department which IP can be used. Else leave the
                                         phone in DHCP mode to obtain an IP automatically.
                                         If DHCP is selected, then most likely to leave the DNS to
                                         AUTO.
                                         Care should be taken when setting the VLAN data, Refer to
                                         the IP department for these settings.




                                   VoIP Doorstation Network Page

                                                                                                          9
                                                        3.0 Quick Start Guide

                                        3.4.2 SIP Proxy Settings
   6
                                        Set up your SIP Proxy details here.

                                        Select ‘SIP Proxy’ on the side menu to open up the SIP
                                        Proxy settings page.




To setup a basic SIP Registration you will need details setting from the site SIP PBX.
The PBX needs to be configured for a 3rd party SIP profile.
Then fill in the minimum required fields to complete the registration as follows:


SIP Server 1:

SIP Domain 1:

SIP User ID_Name:

SIP Authentication ID:

SIP Authentication PIN:
(This password is
sometimes refer to as
Digest KEY).

SIP Server Port:
(generally this is 5060)

All other settings are not
critical at this point in
time and can be set up
at a later stage.




                                    VoIP Doorstation SIP Proxy Settings Page


Press ‘OK’ to save your settings.


                                                                                                 10
                                                         3.0 Quick Start Guide

                                         3.4.3 System Settings
   7
                                         To access the System Settings page, you do not need to
                                         return to the Home page.

                                         Just simply select the ‘System’ link on the side menu.




To setup the System for basic operation, fill in the minimum required fields to complete the
registration as follows:

Relay Code 1:
This is the code used to trigger the onboard relay to open the door, gate, etc.

Note: The relay code is Factory default set to ‘123’ and the relay contact is Normally Open (N/O).


WARNING:
For the relays to
operate in gate release
mode, the ‘Relay Inuse’
option must be set to
‘None’. This can be
found in the ‘Phone
Configuration’ page.
This is Factory default
is ‘None’.

                                                                                  eg. code to open the door/gate.
All other settings are
not critical at this point
in time and can be set
up at a later stage.




Press ‘OK’ to save your
settings.


                                   VoIP Doorstation System Settings Page

                                                                                                              11
                                                       3.0 Quick Start Guide

                                       3.4.4 Voice Codec
   8
                                       Most PBX phone systems today will work with the codec
                                       set to G711u (or PCMU).

                                       This product does have other options, select preference
                                       and the order as required.
                                       Note: The PBX can over-ride this settings to match the
                                       other party as part of the SIP protocol. If a match can not
                                       be made the call will terminate.



The RTP data is used to move the voice signal via the ethernet. Generally the voice frame is in
10mS segments and send with the network packet. How many frames are sent with each packet
is set by the ‘Frames per Tx’ option. For most cases you would normally send 2-3 frames /
packet.




                     VoIP Doorstation Settings Menu - Network Settings Page

                                                                                                     12
                                                           3.0 Quick Start Guide

                                           3.4.5 Reset Static IP Address (default)
9                   ABC     DEF            The factory default address is 192.168.1.100
         1           2      3      A       To set the phone to the default Static IP address, use the
        GHI         JKL    MNO             programming keypad on the back of the unit and enter the
         4           5      6      B       following key sequence:
       PQRS
         7
                    TUV
                     8
                           WXYZ
                            9      C                                   *#*#7*1
        EXIT               ENTER

                     0      #      D
        *
     www.dallasdelta.com           E3585
                                           Note: Enter all digits in a continuous motion without pausing
                                           in between digit entries.



                                           3.4.6 Reset DHCP IP Address Range
10                  ABC     DEF
                                           To set the phone’s IP address to the DHCP range, use the
         1           2      3      A       programming keypad on the back of the unit and enter the
        GHI         JKL    MNO
                                           following key sequence:
         4
       PQRS
                     5
                    TUV
                            6
                           WXYZ
                                   B
                                                                       *#*#7*2
         7           8      9      C
        EXIT               ENTER
                                           Note: Enter all digits in a continuous motion without pausing
                     0      #      D       in between digit entries.
        *
     www.dallasdelta.com           E3585




11                 ABC     DEF
                                           3.4.7 Retrieving the IP Address
        1            2      3      A       To check the IP address of the phone, press the ‘C’ button on
                                           the programming keypad during standby mode and it will
        GHI         JKL    MNO
        4            5      6      B       play back a voice message with the current IP address.
      PQRS          TUV    WXYZ
        7            8      9      C
       EXIT                ENTER

                     0      #      D
        *
     www.dallasdelta.com           E3585




                                           3.4.8 Reset the phone back to factory defaults
10                  ABC     DEF
                                           To reset the phone’s parameter back to a clean start (factory
         1           2      3      A       reset). Enter the following key sequence:
        GHI
         4
                    JKL
                     5
                           MNO
                            6      B                                   *#*#7*9
       PQRS         TUV    WXYZ
         7           8      9      C       Note: This will reset the IP address to static.
        EXIT               ENTER
                                                 Clear the Admin PIN. and
                     0      #      D             Erase the SIP proxy details.
        *
     www.dallasdelta.com           E3585




                                                                                                        13
                                            4.0 Operational User Guide
The DDC_VoIP telephone functionality operating in hands free mode.
When the call button is pressed, the unit will establish a call to a preset number.
Repressing the call button during a conversation period will terminate the call.
A call duration period may be set, if a limit is required.
The unit can be configured to auto-answer call or redirect to a forwarding number if not answered
within the preset period.
During ring, the unit can be answered by pressing any for the buttons.
Handset models can be supplied with or without a keypad, and they can be setup to hotline (call a
number) when the handset is pickup.
Calls made to a busy number or if the number if not answered can be re-direct to 2 other alternative
numbers. Refer to the ‘Call Function Section- Divert Numbers’.
Relay Control
Two on board relays may be fitted to the door station, each may be switched on during conversation
by the remote operator or either one can be configured to be activated when the call is initiated.

Remote relay control:
The DDC_VoIP phone is currently ship fitted with one relay as standard (the second relay on
request).
The remote operator may activate the on board relay/s by entering the code set for that relay.
For example, if relay 1 code is set to 95, then remotely typing 95 will activate it, (refer to page 21).

A response beep will indicate that the code was correct and the relay has activated. No response
tone indicates an error in the code and the process should be repeated after a minium 3 second
delay.
(NB, as relay 2 is optionally fitted, the response will be the same whether the relay is installed or
not.)
DTMF remote control uses RFC2833 or INFO protocol.

Call initiated relay control:
Either one of the relays may be configured to switch on from when the call button is pressed or from
when it starts ringing.
This function may be used to control an external camera, light or to initiate an alarm, etc.
The relay will stay on for the duration of the call.
(refer to Relay Inuse in the Configuration Section).




WARNING
This telephone can not be used for emergency purposes during power failure unless fitted with a
backup 12 volt battery AND network connection guaranteed.
To be installed and maintained by authorised service personnel only.



                                                                                                       14
                                            4.0 Operational User Guide


Keypad Functions
The keypad on the rear of the unit provides the installer access to:
Listen to the current IP address or reset it to a default IP and subnet MASK address.
Or make a test calls.


Get current IP address;
During standby, press ‘C’ on the rear keypad to retrieve the current IP address.
Resetting the IP address
To reset the address, connect the power (via the power jack or Ethernet PoE lead).
Wait about 10-20 seconds,
then enter *# *# 7*1, this will reset it to a Static IP address of 192.168.1.100, set the subnet
mask to 255.255.255.0 and clear the Administration AND SIP Password.
OR enter *# *# 7*2, this will set the address mode to Dynamic IP and also clear the admin
and SIP password.


Making a test call.
To test if the unit has been successfully registered, press ‘D’ to loop the line, then dial the
number required plus #. If all is well, a connection will be made.
Press D again to go off line. If the line is engaged or the other party hangs up the unit will
automatically disconnect.
Calling a phone by its IP address can be done by entering a * between each group of digits
and the port number if it’s not the standard 5060.
IE, if a phone you wish to call is on IP 192.168.1.117:5080, type
D 192*168*1*117*5080 #. (note not all phones can be called using this technique).
If the default port is 5060 for the remote phone, then it is not required when calling.




                                                                                                   15
                                    5.0 Programming Instructions
PROGRAMMING
Login page

The DDC_VoIP door station is programmed by logging into the phones web page.
Use a standard web browser (Firefox, Internet Explorer for example), enter the phones IP
address into the “URL Location Bar” at the top of the screen.
If you don’t know the IP of the phone, then refer to page 15 on ‘Get / Resetting the IP address’.
At the login page, type in the password and click the Enter key, (All units are delivered with no
password).




                                                                            URL Location Bar




                                                                                                    16
                                    5.0 Programming Instructions
SETTING MENU
On entering this section, the current status of the telephone will be displayed.
The SIP Register is updated every 8seconds.
Submenu’s are shown on the left of the WEB page, the first section is for ‘Network settings’ and
will enable you to change IP address, subnet mask and gateway and option to set DNS server
setting. The other sections are describe in the following pages of this manual.




Network Settings
The Connection Type enables the unit to be connected via a STATIC IP or DHCP address
mode.
If the connection is DHCP then the IP address, Mask and Gateway are automatically assigned
by the server.
When set to a Static IP, a suitable IP address, Subnet Mask and Gateway address will be
required to suit the local area network (LAN).
If you change the IP address you are then required to restart by logging in using the new IP
address.
In most cases the DNS Server IP can remain set to Auto DNS, in this mode the DHCP sever
will assign the DNS automatically. If however, it is required, enable Manual DNS and set the
Primary and Secondary DNS address.
If the network switch provides QoS traffic control, then set the Layer 2 & 3 QoS values to
match.

Set the VLAN tag option for networks with VLAN option enabled, Take care here as once this is
set then the PC/Laptop you are using may not have the VLAN option enabled. You will not be
able to communicate with the phone.

                                                                                                   17
                                      5.0 Programming Instructions
Voice
In this section, select the order and preferred codecs, plus the amount of frames per packet to
sent for each codec type.
Also, select the options that effect the different codecs used and DTMF sending method and
payloads.




When selecting the codecs consider the data rate that will be required by your network. As a
guild the list here show the data bit rate required for each codec, if the network is via a low
speed ADSL then the PCMu/a may not be a suitable choice.
Table 1. Codec comparison
Codec                       bit rate (kbit/s)
G.711(PCMu /a)              64
G726-32                     32
G.729                       8
G.722                       32

The Frames per TX selects how many blocks of voice data (10mS segments) are transmitted
with each packet sent over the network, typically 2 - 4 is recommended.
The Send DTMF selects how the unit will send DTMF digits over the network.
There are 2 protocols available, RFC2833 and INFO.
The remaining options set the payload required for each protocol and it is recommend that the
default values be used.




                                                                                                  18
                                    5.0 Programming Instructions
SIP Proxy
The parameters on this page will identify the SIP server and SIP authentication details.
Your ISP or network administrator will provide the necessary information to be used here.




SIP Server1 will be the main running location and the SIP Server2 can be the fail over location if
available. The User detail will be the same in both servers
When SIP registration is required with the server then enable this option. If the phone is configured
to dial a direct IP location and no SIP server is used then leave this option disabled.
If the server is via an Outbound Proxy, then use the SIP Server field for this proxy and enable the
option Use SIP Server as the Outbound Proxy.
The user ID’s, and PIN are supplied by the ISP/Network administrator, this information is case
sensitive and should be typed in correctly. The Displayed Name is relayed to the connecting IP
telephone as a caller ID and is optional. (Not all PBX relay this field).
SIP and RTP port numbers are sent to the router/firewall and are use to provide paths for voice and
control data to and from the phone.
The Register Expiration and the Keep Alive timers keep the SIP server mapping and NAT ports
open. The Registration Attempts sets how many failed attempts before rebooting the phone, this
maybe preferred to re-opbtain a new IP from the DHCP server and start from fresh.
If a Provisional Response Acknowledge PRACK is required within your network, then enable the
Support PRACK(100rel,RFC3262) option.
When network server is behind a NAT, enable the NAT Traversal and set either the NAT IP or
STUN server address and port.


                                                                                                  19
                                       5.0 Programming Instructions
Calling Functions
This section controls the way the unit makes and receives calls.




Forward to Number will set the telephone number that will be called when calls are redirected by one of
three methods:
1) if the Forward unconditionally is set to yes (any calls made to the phone will be immediately
redirected).
2) When on busy is set, then any attempt to call the unit when the phone is in use will be redirected.
3) Any un-answered call will also be redirected to this number when the Forward When No Answer switch
is set and the Incoming, No Answer Timeout period has elapsed. (The Auto-answer option needs to be
disable, for this to function).

The Incoming, No Answer Timeout period is also used the in conjunction with the Auto Answer switch.
Set this option to 0 if the phone is not required to auto-answer.

The digits in the Dial Prefix are added to the any number dialled via the keypad or the preprogrammed
button numbers.

For DDC_VoIP phones that have a handset, a hotline number (dialled when the handset is pickup), maybe
programmed in the field Hot Line Number.

When the DDC_VoIP phone is making a call when the button is pressed, then it is possible to divert the call
to 2 alternative numbers if the other party is busy or doesn’t answer. To enable this function, enter the
Divert Numbers and set the Outgoing, No Answer Period a value in second.
The Divert for buttons only is used if your unit has both buttons and a keypad installed.

The Dialling Timeout period sets how long to wait after the last digit pressed before dialling the number.
The other option is to enable the Use # to Call to initiate dialling (only when dialling via a keypad).




                                                                                                             20
                                     5.0 Programming Instructions
System Settings
Set the DDC_VoIP phone audio levels, relay options, Syslog details and time of day functions in
this section. Audio levels for the phone should be re-check on site.
The on board relay/s may be use for gate access control, back ground lighting / camera. They
can be remotely activated or enable when the DDC_VoIP phone is in use.




The Administration Password is used to gain access to the web page. For added security set
and document this password. The phone is supplied with no password set.
The microphone and the speaker levels for the handset (if fitted) and in the hands-free circuit, is
adjusted to suit site background noise, when possible keep these level low, as un-necessary
noise will be transmitted back to the remote operator.
If the phone does have a handset installed, then enable the option and set the audio levels as
required for the handset.
Set the Ringer Volume, Dial Tone levels to suit site conditions.
Conversation period may be limited if desired, to set this, enter a period in minutes into the
Conversation Timer field. If no timer is required then enter a 0 to disable this function.
The onboard relay may be activated remotely when the remote operator dials the digits that
matches the fields for Relay 1 & Relay 2 code. Note that relay 2 is optionally fitted.
Use the Relay on timer field for the duration required. Or set it to 0, to remain on for the duration
of the call.
Debugging can be enabled by Syslog server and/or UDP. If this is not required then disable
these options. refer to the next page for more details on these option

  NOTE: ACA maximum levels:
          Do not exceed the handset maximum levels, for conformity and comfort keep
          handset levels to a minimum.

                                                                                                      21
                                      5.0 Programming Instructions
System Settings           continue.

Debug Options:
  For some installation, it may be required to record events that occur at the phone.
These events may include;
          which button is pressed
          when a relay is activated remotely
          when the handset is on or off hook
          on ringing (incoming call)
          system reboot
          start of call and at auto answer
          at the end of a call
          and a status of it’s current state, ie Logged-on or not at set intervals.

This information is stored at an allocated server and the protocol used is SYSLOG on port 514.
Although generally on a Linux systems, SYSLOG programmes can be sought for the Windows
system as well.
Each event is timed stamp with the phone ID and IP address. To enable this function set the IP of
the SYSLOG server and the intervals.
The DDC_VoIP phone outputs general debugging information on a continuous basis on port
8225. If high traffic is a concern then disable the Enable Debug output option.
The ‘time of day’ used within the phone and for Syslog is set either from the SNTP server or the
SIP server. If the LAN does not have access to a SNTP server then set this field to 0.0.0.0

The SNTP Server (simple network time protocol) provides ‘time of day’ for syslog events.
SNTP is on port ‘123’. If the phone is connected to the internet then a site like
‘time.windows.com’ or ‘0.au.pool.ntp.org’ may be used.
Select the State/ Country in the Time Zone option and whether to use ‘DayLight saving’ time
adjust is required in the next 2 fields




                                                                                                   22
                                          5.0 Programming Instructions
Configuration
This configuration section control some of the hardware and functions of the phone.
The first option ‘ Key # function’ is only used for units that have a front user keypad installed. The ‘#’ key is
used as the on/off key. When set to ‘on/off’ then pressing the # key will toggle the phone on-off hook. When
set to ‘off only’, then it is used in conjunction with the ‘Keypad Speed-dial’ option (see below).

The ‘Relay inuse’ will allow either relay to switch on whenever the phone is being used. It will set the relay on
when making and receiving a calls and stay on for the duration of the call.

‘Keypad Speed-Dial’ works as a memory dial command to dial the number as per the list in the ‘Phone
Number’ section. If this is set to ‘After 1 digit’ then any key from 1-9 will dial memory location 1-9.
If set to ‘After 2 digits’ the location 01-16 can be called.
The phone will make the call to the location and the # key can be used to terminate the call.
If this option remains a ‘Normal’ then the keypad will only function after the handset is picked up and during a
call to send digits.




When a call is made via pressing the button or via the Speed-Dial key, the tones of each digit may be muted,
very useful for long phone number. If this suits, then enable the ‘Dial Number Silently’ option.
Set the option ‘Disconnect after gate open’ if needed.
Generally, after the relay has been activate remotely there is no further reason to continue in conversation,
the phone can be set to terminate the call automatically by enabling this option.
In addition to the other debugging options, this product also can send SNMP traps to a server. It uses v2c
protocol, If used then this protocol requires your community name as well as one or two servers IP
addresses. It has an enterprises code of 1.3.6.1.4.1.45255.1.1.1.0 to .10.
A typical Get command would be ‘snmpget -v2c -c DDC_VoIP 192.168.1.100 1.3.6.1.4.1.45255.1.1.1.0’.
The Auto Provisioning Server maybe set up if the company has many phones on the network, allowing the
admin officer to make changes to the functions of the phone as an alternative method to accessing via the
web page. Generally, for few phones the web access is an easier method.

The Temperature output seen on the Status section can be offset by adding to the ‘Temperature Calibration’
value. Note that this value is only an approximation of +/-5 DegC, and only to be used as an indication of the
site temperature.

                                                                                                                23
                                      5.0 Programming Instructions
Keyless Codes




For DDC_VoIP phone supplied with a front panel keypad, the option of allowing gate access by
entering a code maybe set here.
This will only activate relay1 of the phone. The period that the relay stays on for is the same as that
set in the relay option section. (refer to page 21).
The user is required to enter * and the code to open the gate.
For sites that require an Emergency Services access, then it maybe advisable to use a code that is
8 to 10 digits long. As it may not be changed that easily once the code is supplied to the Emergency
services personal.




                                                                                                     24
                                      5.0 Programming Instructions
Phone Numbers
The DDC_VoIP phone can be configured with up to 16 buttons,

Each Button, (if fitted) may be set to dial a different phone number. The Name field giving to each
input is for internal reference only and is not required.
The phone number may be an IP address/port number, ie 192.168.1.123:5060. If the unit is not
registered to a SIP server.
These locations are also used if the Speed-dial option is used when configured with a front panel
keypad.
Each number maybe set to a URI location like ‘912345678@mysipproxy.org’




Special commands within the phone number,
The DDC_VoIP unit can be configured to connect to a PSTN/PBX via a ATA. In this scenario the unit
calls the ATA and then, on answer, the phone then dials the PBX number.
To do this, enter the number or the IP address of the ATA, followed by a pipe character ‘|’, and then
PSTN telephone number to call. (the PBX number may include a pause by adding a comma ‘,’).
Example, if the ATA number is 1234 and the PBX number is 9,91234567, then you would enter
1234|9,91234567.
Note, if all calls are made via the ATA, then the number can be loaded in the Dial Prefix location, In
this case the Dial Prefix number would be ‘1234|’.

It may be required to dial this number without each DTMF tone played out over the speaker,
especially so, for long phone numbers like an IP address, to enable silence dialling, enable the option
Dial numbers silently. refer to page 23.




                                                                                                      25
                                                                  6.0 Specifications

power:             input voltage              9 Volts (minimum) - 50 Volts (maximum)

PoE supply:        Class requirements         Class 0. (0.44 Watts to 12 Watts)


current            -idle mode                 125mA @ 12Vdc          (1.5 Watts)
consumption:       -on call                   <250mA @ 12Vdc         (3 Watts)
                                              <1300mA @ 12Vdc        (15 Watts) max volume into a 8ohms speaker


relay contacts:    switching maximum          1A @ 60Vdc / 40Vac SELV or TNV (non inductive load)
                                              voltage free outputs

temperature:       operating range            0ºC to +50ºC

SPL:               ringer output level        >80dBa @ 1 metre

communication:     Ethernet                   100 BASE-T
                   Connection protocol        SIP
                   CODECs                     G711 (uLaw, aLaw), G726-32, G722, G729


                                              Sentry                Guard                Guard(Vertical)
physical:          panel dimensions (mm)      270 x 130`           255 x 104             100 x 227 x 46
                   wall cut-out (mm)          225 x 115 x 40       246 x 94 x 50         surface mount
                   weight (kg)                approx. 1            approx. 1.02          approx. 0.9




                                                       pins                 pins
                                                       1
                                                                            1 = TXP
                                                       2                    2 = TXN
                                                       3                                         mode A
                                                       4
                                                       5                    3 = RXP              PoE
                                                       6
                                                       7                    6 = RXN
                                                       8

                                                                            4,5 = Spare          mode B
                                                                            7,8 = Spare          PoE
                       RJ45 Ethernet connector




 WARNING
 This telephone can not be used for emergency purposes during power failure unless fitted with a
 backup 12 volt battery AND network connection guaranteed.
 To be installed and maintained by authorised service personnel only.



                                                                                                                  26
                                                                                             7.0 PCB Layout
DDC_VoIP S_11 PCB Layout
The DDC_VoIP PCB connection may be different from the diagram shown, The layout is of a generic
configuration, some items may not be installed and/or not required.
                                                                                                                      BUTTON INPUTS
                                                                                                                     Bank2 loc 9 to 16
                                                                                                                     Common to both banks
    RELAY 1+2                                                                KEYPAD                                  Bank1 loc 1 to 8
    NO/NC LINK                                                               CONNECTOR
                                                                                                           J6   J2         Mem loc 1
                 LKR1 AND LKR2



                   NO/NC NO/NC
                                       RELAY 2
                                                                                                                         BUTTON 1
  RELAY 2
                                       RELAY 1
  RELAY 1                                                                                                                BUTTON 2

                                                                                                                          Mem loc 16
 BUTTON 1
                                                                             LCD PORT

SUPPLY   -
12-48V   +
                                 DALLAS DELTA CORP

  NETWORK
  INPUT                                                            SPK MIC
  (and PoE)                                                                              +



                                                                             +-
                                                                   EXT.

                                                                   SPEAKER    EXT. MIC        HANDSET


     LKR1 and LKR2 relay links are used to select
     the normal state of the output contacts.                                                               BANK1
                                                                                                                      BUTTON 1
                                                                                                                      BUTTON 2
                                                                                                                      BUTTON 3
              Relay linked for normally closed contacts                                                               BUTTON 4
                                                                                                                      BUTTON 5
                                                                                                                      BUTTON 6
                                                                                                                      BUTTON 7
              Relay linked for normally open contacts                                                                 BUTTON 8



                                                                                                                      BUTTON 16
                                                              BUTTON 2                                                BUTTON 15
                                                                                                                      BUTTON 14
                                                                                                                      BUTTON 13
                                                                                                                      BUTTON 12
                                                                                                                      BUTTON 11
                                                 BUTTON 1                                                             BUTTON 10
                                                                                                                      BUTTON 9
                                                                                                             BANK2
                                      Button Contact                                                    J6 and J2 Button
                                      Details                                                                inputs

                                                        BUTTON 9




                                                                                                                                       27
                                                                                                8.0 Connection Details
          ELECTRICAL WIRING

                                                                                                           Note: On units fitted with external
                                                                                                           microphone and speaker, the Speaker and
   Microphone                                                                                              microphone are to be mounted no less than
                                                                                                           100 mm apart and sealed well to the panel.
                         OD 17 mm

                         ID 10 mm
      Grommet dimensions




                                                                      Get IP Address
                                                                                                                  HANDSET
          Optional External Speaker and Mic.
                                                                                                                  (optional)   Microphone (optional)
                                                                                       On/off
          The microphone may be mounted using
          two methods, either mount the grommet                                                                                Note the polarity of the
          to panel by applying an adhesive
                                                                                                            +     EXT. MIC.
                                                                                                                               microphone connection.
          to the grommet face, or mount into a                                                                                 (Shield is negative)
          14mm diameter hole.                                 A   B   C                D

                      Method 1
                                                                                                             EXT. SPK.
                                                              3   6   9                #
                          Apply adhesive
                          to grommet face.                    2   5   8                0

                         Microphone inserted                  1   4   7                *
                         into grommet.                                                                                          Speaker.(optional).
  Panel                  The microphone must
                         be properly sealed
                         to the panel surface.

                                                                                                                       57mm
                    Method 2
           Panel
                    The panel hole is to


                                                                              POWER
                    be 14 mm to fit the
                    microphone grommet.


                                                                         +                                                                 90mm

                                                                                                                                                      Speaker Box Dimensions:
                                                                                                                                                      Length      : 97 mm
                                                                                                                                                      Width       : 83 mm
                                                                                            Ethernet                                                  Height      : 35 mm
Relay contacts are rated as follows :                                                       NetWork 10baseT
1 A @ 50 V DC Non-inductive                                                                 (with PoE optional)
1 A @ 30 V AC Non-inductive
N/O or N/C                                                                                      Note that power to the unit may be either supplied
switch set by      RELAY 1 & 2                                                                  through the Ethernet connection or via the 12 Volt
jumper LKR1 / LKR2                                                                              Power Pak,
                                                                                                Ethernet power can be induced over the Tx/Rx data
                                      Emergency                                                 pair or the spare pairs 4,5 and 7,8.
                                        button                                                  Pins 4,5 are connected together and pins 7,8 on the
                                                                                                PCB.
                                                                                                The polarity of this connection is NOT critical.


                                                    POWER PAK
                                                  optional, if no PoE


               WARNING
               This telephone can not be used for emergency purposes during power failure
               unless fitted with a backup 12 volt battery AND network connection guaranteed.

               Note: All wiring is to be routed away from high EMI radiating devices,
               such as transformers, fluorescent lighting etc.

                                                                                                                                                                 28
                                                             9.0 Release Notes


  DATE:           VERSION:                REVISION NOTES:
  1/5/19          PCB: S_11               Quick Start Guide and Manual




WARNING
This telephone can not be used for emergency purposes during power failure unless fitted with a
backup 12 volt battery AND network connection guaranteed.
To be installed and maintained by authorised service personnel only.



                                                                                                  29
                         Manufacturing Communication Products
                     Analogue | VoIP | GSM | Fibre
                 Designing Customised Communication Systems




                                                          E3589

                                              102 Albert Street   T: +613 9387 7388
                                              Brunswick East      E: sales@dallasdelta.com
                                              VIC Australia       F: +613 9387 3128
                                              3057                www.dallasdelta.com
Manual-VoIP-s11 r1.cdr                                                      08-03-2019
pcb: s11 Apr19
