  Australian     User          Low Cost       Vandal        Weather
  Made           Friendly      Ownership      Resistant     Resistant




VoIP Sentinel S11             User’s Manual
                                       VoIP Sentinel Doorstaion Phone




               102 Albert Steet Brunswick East VIC Australia 3057
                    tel: (+613) 9387 7388 | fax: (+613) 9387 3128
                   sales@dallasdelta.com | www.dallasdelta.com
 Custom Communication Solutions




Dallas Delta Corporation Pty. Ltd. is an established and respected provider of
specialist communications equipment.

We design and manufacture our products in Melbourne and have many thousands of
satisfied customers within Australia and internationally.

Our aim is to supply customers with a quality product and great service for the life of
their product. We believe in a good customer relationship which gives our clients the
support they need in order to establish and build their business.



                www.dallasdelta.com


                sales@dallasdelta.com

                sales | services | spares
                +61 3 9387 7388

                fascimile
                +61 3 9387 3128


                dallasdelta

                head office | repairs
                Dallas Delta Corporation Pty. Ltd.
                102 Albert Street
                Brunswick East VIC Australia 3057                                    E3589
Copyright Notice
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, transmitted or stored in a retrieval
system in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise,
without the prior written permission of Dallas Delta Corporation Pty. Ltd.
Dallas Delta Corporation Pty. Ltd. reserves the right to make changes to features and specifications
at any time without prior notification in the interest of ongoing product development and improvement.
© 2017 Dallas Delta Corporation ABN 11 005 617 532
                                           Contents
1.0   Introduction ......................................................................... 5



2.0   How to Use This Manual .................................................... 5



3.0   Quick Start Guide ............................................................... 6


            3.1 Getting Started - Basic Procedures .......................... 6

            3.2 Logging On to the Home Page ................................. 6

            3.3 Web Page Access ..................................................... 7

            3.4 Settings ................................................................... 8

                      3.4.1 Network Settings ...................................................... 8

                      3.4.2 Voice Codecs ......................................................... 8

                      3.4.3 SIP Proxy Settings .................................................. 9

                      3.4.4 Call Functions ......................................................... 10

                      3.4.5 System Settings ...................................................... 11

                      3.4.6 Configurations ..........................................................12

                      3.4.7 Keyless Codes ........................................................ 13

                      3.4.8 LCD Messages ....................................................... 13

                      3.4.9 Phone Numbers ..................................................... 14




                                                                                                          3
                                         Contents
4.0 Programming Instructions .................................................... 15
      Network settings. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    15
      Voice          ................................                                  16
      SIP Proxy Settings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     17
      Calling Functions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      18
      System Settings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      19
      Configurations    ..............................                                 21
      Keyless Codes       ..............................                               22
      Phone Numbers       ..............................                               23

5.0 Client DataBase . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            24


6.0 PCB Layout . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         26

7.0 Specifications         .................. ...........                              26


8.0 Release Notes         .............................                                27
       Warning . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .




                                                                                            4
                                                                  i        1.0 Introduction

Thanks you for choosing Dallas Delta products. We hope that our product will meet the demands of
your application needs and it will give you many years of trouble free use.

The VoIP Sentinel is an ethernet connected telephone that provides voice over internet Protocol
(VoIP) communication technology.
Giving you the power of our PSTN base units in a IP format. Using a SIP protocol standard, it provides an
easy connection to most VoIP based equipment.
The Sentinel is a loud speaker, hands-free unit. It is well suited for homes, hotels, hospitals and
universities as well as many business and commercial settings and providing remote gate access
guarding you against unwanted entry onto your property.
This document outlines the units Features, Operation, Programming instructions and Installation
procedures.




                                                2.0 How to Use this Manual

This manual is set out with the intended use of both installers and end users in mind. It will give you
the ease and quick turn-around time of installation required to get the job done efficiently and will also
give you a very detailed understanding of the unit you are installing and putting into real-world use.

It is very important that installation of this unit is carried out by a qualified personnel to avoid damage
of the unit and correct functionality of the product. It will also ensure that safely requirements are met
for everyday use of this electrical product.

When installing this product for the first time, it is critical to follow the quick start guide to begin with.
This will ensure that your new product is up and running in a very simple and easy manner with as
minimal time as possible.

It is then recommended that the manual be read from cover to cover to allow you to fully understand
the capabilities of your product and be able to obtain the most of this unit.




                                                                                                                 5
                                                         3.0 Quick Start Guide
3.1 Getting Started - Basic Procedures
There are a few basic procedures that will need to be completed in order to get your VoIP Doorstation
working immediately. Please follow these simple procedures in order before attempting to use your
phone:

      > Log on to your VoIP Doorstation
      > Enter basic ‘SIP Proxy’ parameters
      > Enter basic ‘Systems’ parameters
      > Enter basic ‘Network’ parameters
      > Program your customer database numbers for each client.

Below are very simple to follow step-by-step procedures to getting your VoIP Doorstation up and
running:


3.2 Logging On to the Home Page
In order to begin setting up your VoIP Doorstation you must first log into the unit via a web browser
(such as Google Chrome, Firefox, MS Edge, etc.). log into your VoIP doorstation by typing in the IP
address of the phone in the address bar.




                               VoIP Doorstation Home Page


Note: No password is programmed when dispatched from factory setup.

To obtain the IP address from a unit enter *#*#7*0 and the address will be shown on the LCD.

The phone can be set to DHCP or Static LAN.

To configure for DHCP, enter *#*#7*2
or to set the unit to STATIC IP enter *#*#7*1 This will set the phone to 192.168.1.100.


                                                                                                        6
                                                         3.0 Quick Start Guide
3.3 Web page Access
Sentinel web pages are in 2 sections. The first is for setting up the phone VoIP registration and
functional parameters necessary for the operation of the phone.
The 2nd section is the database for each client (up to 1024). Requiring Room numbers, Phone
number and Relay codes for gate access.

To access the phone via the Ethernet will require the phone’s IP address.
This can done by following the key sequence as shown below.
When retrieving the IP address, it can either return a IP if set the Static or Dynamic mode
 or it can return 0.0.0.0 if set to DHCP and there is no DHCP server on the LAN.
If it does return 0.0.0.0, then set the phone up for Static IP step 3.3.2


                  3.3.1 Retrieving the IP Address
                  To check the IP address of the phone,

                  Enter         *#*#7*0
                  on the keypad during standby mode and it will play back a
                  voice message with the current IP address.


                   3.3.2 Reset Static IP Address
                   This will set the address is 192.168.1.100
                   To set the phone to Static IP address, use the following key
                   sequence:

                                  *#*#7*1

                   3.3.3 Reset DHCP IP Address Range
                   To set the phone’s IP address to the DHCP range, use the
                   following key sequence:

                                  *#*#7*2

                   3.3.4 Reset the phone back to factory defaults
                   To reset the phone’s parameter back to a clean start (factory
                   reset). Enter the following key sequence:

                                  *#*#7*9
                   Note: This will reset the IP address to static. 192.168.1.100
                         VLAN to 0.
                         Clear the Admin PIN. and
                         Erase the all SIP proxy details.




                                                                                                    7
                                                         3.0 Quick Start Guide
3.4 Settings
3.4.1 Network Settings
Note changing the network settings at this stage will required you to re-log back into the phone if the
IP address is changed. If so, follow the steps outlined in 3.2 Logging on to the Home Page.
                                  This page will show the current status of the registration, MAC ID,
                                  and version number of the F/W.

                                  If your phone does require a static IP location, then verify with the
                                  IP department which Address can be used. Else leave the phone in
                                  DHCP mode to obtain an IP automatically.
                                  If DHCP is selected, then most likely to leave the DNS to AUTO.
                                  Care should be taken when setting the VLAN data, Refer to the IP
                                  department for these settings.
                                  The Status is updated every 8 seconds.




                                 3.4.2 Voice Codec
                                 Most PBX phone systems today will work with the codec set to G711
                                 (PCMA or PCMU). Select preference and the order as required.
                                 Note: The PBX can over-ride this settings to match the other party
                                 as part of the SIP protocol. If a match can not be made the call will
                                 terminate.
                                 The RTP voice frame is in 10mS segments and sent with a network
                                 packet. How many frames are sent with each packet is set by the
                                 ‘Frames/Packet’ option.
                                 For most cases you would normally send 2-3 frames/packet.




                                                                                                          8
                                                        3.0 Quick Start Guide

                                3.4.3 SIP Proxy Settings
                                Select ‘SIP Proxy’ on the side menu to open up the SIP Proxy
                                settings page.
                                To setup a basic SIP Registration you will need details setting from
                                the site SIP PBX.
                                The PBX needs to be configured for a 3rd party SIP profile.
                                Then fill in the minimum required fields to complete the registration
                                as follows:


Critical items that are required for SIP registrations are:-
SIP Server: & SIP Domain: If the Outbound Proxy has a different address to the Domain, then set the
Outbound Proxy in the SIP Server field, and enable the ‘Use the SIP Server As Outbound Proxy:’ option.
and
SIP User ID_Name: , SIP Authentication ID: & SIP Authentication PIN: (Note, This password is sometimes
refer to as Digest KEY).

Other options need to be checked with the IT department.

Complete the necessary fields then click “OK” to save. Then return to the Network Page and view the
“Phone Status” to confirm if the phone does register correctly.




                          VoIP Doorstation SIP Proxy Settings Page




                                                                                                        9
                                                3.0 Quick Start Guide

                       3.4.4 Call Functions
                       In this section select what should occur for various in-comming or
                       out-going calls. Generally, tenants would not be calling the Sentinel.
                       This should only be done by a selected few.

                       If the option ‘Enable White List’ is ticked then only the numbers
                       listed in the ‘Phone Number’ table can call the Sentinel.

                        If It is required to divert all calls to a central location, IE the
                        caretaker, then set the ‘Divert numbers’ and the ‘Timeout’ as
                        required.
The call forwarding conditions will call the ‘Forward-to Number’ for the event set by
Unconditionally, Busy or No-Answer. If none of those events are set and the ‘No Answer
period’ is set, then the phone will Auto-anwer if set or terminate the in-comming call.

The ‘Dial Prefix’ is only used for unit that have Call buttons installed.




                       VoIP Doorstation Call Functions Page




                                                                                           10
                                                         3.0 Quick Start Guide
                                      3.4.5 System Settings
                                      In this section you should set the Administration Password
                                      used to access these web pages.
                                      It is very important to document this PIN with the site
                                      administrator.

                                      For units that are installed with a Handset, set the option to on
                                      and the volume levels as required.
                                      For ‘loud-speaker’ type phones set the volume levels as best
                                      suited to the site.

                                      The ‘conversation period’ will terminate the call when it expires
                                      This is set to limit the call duration.
Each tenant will have there own codes to access/active the relays. If the setup prefers to use the
same relays code for all tenants then set these code here and enable the global relay option switch.

When a call is made to the phone or if a call is diverted, then the person here would use the
‘in-coming & divert’ relay codes to grant access.
The relay on-time is used for all relay activations.

The Sentinel can record all events made to a Sys-log Server, One should be set-up for security.
The Syslog-IP should be set to this sever.

The Time of day that maybe displayed on the LCD is set by the NTP server. If the phone does not
have access to the internet then set this server to the SIP server.




                                   VoIP Doorstation System Settings Page

                                                                                                     11
                                               3.0 Quick Start Guide

                            3.4.6 Configuration
                            If the on board relays are not used to grant access to 2 gates.
                            Then setting one relay to activate whenever the phone is being
                            used for a purpose of lighting or a camera can be achieved by
                            selecting the ‘Relay Inuse’ option.

                            The option ‘Dial Number Silently’ will mute the digits dialled
                            when calling the tenant number.

                            If it is preferred to end the call after a relay code is accepted
                            then enable the ‘Disconnect After Gate open’ option.
The SNMP server maybe used to log events from the phone (this is an alternative to the
Sys-log server), The IP address, here will collect trap events. It uses version 2c SMNPtraps
which requires a ‘Community Name’.




                                                                                                12
                  3.0 Quick Start Guide

3.4.7 Keyless Codes
Emergency services or site administrators can use the keyless
system to gain access. They will need to enter a * plus the one
of the codes. This will activate either relay for the matching
group.

For security these codes should be 6 or more digits long.
The LCD will indicate ‘Welcome’ when there is a match.




3.4.8 LCD Messages
The 2 line LCD display on the Sentinel may be set to display
either the time of day or a fixed 16 character message.
Alternatively scroll a 63 characters long message.

If line 1 is blank and not used for a scrolling message, then the
time of day is displayed here.
Scrolling messages display rate is set by the speed option.




                                                               13
                   3.0 Quick Start Guide

3.4.9 Phone Number
For Sentinels that are also fitted with buttons then the number
called is set within this section.
Note, that prefix digits that are set in section 3.4.4 are added to
the beginning of these number.

The numbers in this table can also be used to restrict who can
call the phone.
This is enabled by setting the ‘Enable White List’ option and
add these numbers here.




                                                                14
                                    4.0 Programming Instructions
Network Settings
Phone Status will be display Model, MAC address and the SIP Registering status, (this is
updated every 8 seconds).
And the submenu’s are shown on the left of the WEB page.
The ‘Network settings’ will enable you to change IP address, subnet mask and gateway and the
DNS server.




Use the Connection Type to set either STATIC IP or DHCP address for the phone.
If the connection is DHCP then the IP address, Mask and Gateway are automatically assigned
by the network DHCP server.
When set to a Static IP, Set the IP address, Subnet Mask and Gateway address that will suit the
local area network (LAN).
If you change the IP address you are then required to restart by logging in using the new IP
address.
If the site does have a DHCP sever the ‘DNS Server IP’ can be set to Auto DNS. In this mode
the DHCP sever will assign the DNS automatically.
If not, enable Manual DNS and set the Primary and Secondary DNS address.
If the network switch provides QoS traffic control, then set the Layer 2 & 3 QoS values to
match, else leave these values to ‘0’.
For Layer 3 QoS, a value in the field of 46 equals EF (Expedited Forwarding).

Set the VLAN tag option for networks with VLAN option enabled.
Take care here as once this is set then the PC/Laptop you are using may not have the VLAN
option enabled. You will not be able to communicate with the phone.




                                                                                                  15
                                      4.0 Programming Instructions
Voice
In this page, select the order and preferred codecs, plus the amount of frames per packet to sent
for each codec type.




When selecting the codecs consider the data rate that will be required by your network.
As a guild the list here show the data bit rate required for each codec, if the network is via a low
speed ADSL then the PCMu/a may not be a suitable choice.
Table 1. Codec comparison
Codec                       bit rate (kbit/s)
G.711(PCMu /a)              64
G726-32                     32
G.729                       8
G.722                       32

The Frames/Packet selects how many blocks of voice data (10mS segments) are transmitted
with each packet sent over the network, typically 2 - 4 is recommended.
The Send DTMF selects how the unit will send DTMF digits over the network.
There are 2 protocols available, RFC2833 and INFO.

The remaining options set the payload required for each protocol and it is recommend that the
default values be used.




                                                                                                       16
                                    4.0 Programming Instructions
SIP Proxy
The parameters on this page will identify the SIP server and SIP authentication details.
Your ISP or network administrator will provide the necessary information to be used here.




SIP Server1 will be the main running location and the SIP Server2 can be the fail over location if
available. The User detail will be the same in both servers
When SIP registration is required with the server then enable this option. If the phone is configured
to dial a direct IP location and no SIP server is used then leave this option disabled.
If the server is via an Outbound Proxy, then use the SIP Server field for this proxy and enable the
option Use SIP Server as the Outbound Proxy.
The user ID’s, and PIN are supplied by the ISP/Network administrator, this information is case
sensitive and should be typed in correctly. The Displayed Name is relayed to the connecting IP
telephone as a caller ID and is optional. (Not all PBX relay this field).
SIP and RTP port numbers are sent to the router/firewall and are use to provide paths for voice and
control data to and from the phone.
The Register Expiration and the Keep Alive timers keep the SIP server mapping and NAT ports
open. The Registration Attempts sets how many failed attempts before rebooting the phone, this
maybe preferred to re- obtain a new IP from the DHCP server and start from fresh.
If a Provisional Response Acknowledge PRACK is required within your network, then enable the
Support PRACK(100rel,RFC3262) option.
When network server is behind a NAT, enable the NAT Traversal and set either the NAT IP or
STUN server address and port as required.

                                                                                                  17
                                         4.0 Programming Instructions
 Calling Functions
 This section controls the way the unit makes and receives calls.




Forward to Number will set the telephone number that will be called when calls are redirected by one of three
methods:
1) if the Forward unconditionally is set to yes (any calls made to the phone will be immediately redirected).
2) When on busy is set, then any attempt to call the unit when the phone is in use will be redirected.
3) Any un-answered call will also be redirected to this number when the Forward When No Answer switch is
set and the Incoming, No Answer Timeout period has elapsed. (The Auto-answer option needs to be
disable, for this to function).

The Incoming, No Answer Timeout period will set how long the phone will ring for.
If the Auto Answer switch is disabled then the in-coming call is terminated after that period.

An option to restrict in-comming calls to a limited list can be enabled by selecting the Enable White List
This will only allow calls from the numbers within the phone book. You may add these numbers in any location
within the Phone Number section.

The digits in the Dial Prefix are added to the any number dialled via the preprogrammed button numbers.

For DDC_VoIP phones that have a handset, a hotline number (dialled when the handset is pickup), maybe
programmed in the field Hot Line Number field.

When the DDC_VoIP phone is making a call, it is possible to divert the call to 2 alternative numbers if the other
party is busy or doesn’t answer.
To enable this function, enter the Divert Numbers and set the Outgoing, No Answer Period a value in
second.
The Divert for buttons only is used if your unit has both buttons and a keypad installed.



                                                                                                             18
                                      4.0 Programming Instructions
 System Settings
 The DDC_VoIP phone audio levels, relay options, Syslog details and time of day functions is set
 in this section. Audio levels for the phone should be re-check on site.
 The on board relay/s may be use for gate access control, back ground lighting / camera. They
 can be remotely activated or enable when the phone is in use.




The Administration Password is used to gain access to the web page. For added security set and
document this password. The phone is supplied with no password set.
The microphone and the speaker levels for the handset (if fitted) and in the hands-free circuit, is
adjusted to suit site background noise, when possible keep these level low, as un-necessary noise
will be transmitted back to the remote operator.
If the phone does have a handset installed, then enable the option and set the audio levels as
required for the handset.
    NOTE: ACA maximum levels:
               Do not exceed the handset maximum levels, for conformity and comfort keep
               handset levels to a minimum.

Set the Ringer Volume and Dial Tone levels to suit site conditions.
Conversation period may be limited if desired, to set this, enter a period in minutes into the
Conversation Timer field. If no timer is required then enter a 0 to disable this function.
The onboard relay may be activated remotely when the remote operator dials the digits that matches
the codes for Relay 1 & Relay 2.

‘Global Relay Codes’ if enabled will be used by all tenants, these codes will override the codes set
in the data-base. But only for the calls they receive. Client codes are till used for keyless access.


                                                                                                    19
                                       4.0 Programming Instructions
System Settings            continue.
Use the Relay on timer field for the duration required. Or set it to 0, to remain on for the duration of
the call.

Remote Relay Module
Remote Relay option (if installed) will be use to active a relay via the LAN ethernet. The remote
relay device can activate 1 of 3 relays. If required set the IP address of the ‘Remote relay
controller’ and the relay ‘code’. This code PLUS a relay number is used by the operator to trigger
the relay. IE, If the code is 5, then to set the relay, the operator would enter 5 plus the digit 1-3 to
active relay 1 to 3. Note that the Remote Relay Controller may not be installed with all the relays.
Also please refer to the manual supplied with the relay module.
The remote relay module may also be used to activate a relay whenever the phone is in-use
If this is required select this option and the relay to active.

Debug Options:
Debugging can be enabled by Syslog and/or broadcast UDP. If this is not required then disable
these options.
  For some installation, it may be required to record events that occur at the phone.
These events may include;
          which button is pressed
          when a relay is activated remotely
          when the handset is on or off hook
          on ringing (incoming call)
          system reboot
          start of call and at auto answer
          at the end of a call
          and a status of it’s current state, ie Logged-on or not at set intervals.

This information is stored at an allocated server and the protocol used is SYSLOG on port 514.
Although generally on a Linux systems, SYSLOG programmes can be sought for the Windows
system as well.
Each event is timed stamp with the phone ID and IP address. To enable this function set the IP of
the SYSLOG server and the intervals.
The DDC_VoIP phone outputs general debugging information on a continuous basis on port UDP
8225. If high traffic is a concern then disable the Enable Debug output option.
The ‘time of day’ used within the phone and for Syslog is set either from the SNTP server or the SIP
server.

SNTP Time Server
The SNTP Server (simple network time protocol) provides ‘time of day’ for syslog events.
SNTP is on port ‘123’. If the phone is connected to the internet then a site like ‘time.windows.com’
or ‘0.au.pool.ntp.org’ may be used and in many cases the SIP Server.
Select your the State in the Time Zone option and whether to use ‘DayLight saving’ time adjust in
the next 2 fields.
If the LAN does not have access to a SNTP server then set this field to 0.0.0.0




                                                                                                      20
                                              4.0 Programming Instructions
Configuration
This configuration section control some of the hardware and functions of the phone.

The ‘Relay inuse’ will allow either relay to switch on whenever the phone is being used. It will set the relay on when
making and receiving a calls and stay on for the duration of the call.

When a call is made by pressing the button or via the Speed-Dial key, the tones of each digit may be muted, very useful
for long phone number. If this suits, then enable the ‘Dial Number Silently’ option.




Set the option ‘Disconnect after gate open’ if needed.
Generally, after the relay has been activate remotely there is no further reason to continue in conversation, the phone can
be set to terminate the call automatically by enabling this option.

In addition to the other debugging options, this product also can send SNMP traps to a server.
It uses v2c protocol, This protocol requires your community name as well as one or two servers IP addresses. It has an
enterprises code of 1.3.6.1.4.1.45255.1.1.1.0 to .10.
A typical Get command would be ‘snmpget -v2c -c DDCVoIP 192.168.1.100 1.3.6.1.4.1.45255.1.1.1.0’.

The Auto Provisioning Server maybe set up if the company has many phones on the network, allowing the admin
officer to make changes to the phone as an alternative method to accessing them via the web page. Generally, for few
phones the web access is an easier method.
Auto-provioning sets the parameter in the settings menu and does not set any options in the Client database.

Hardware Settings
Setting the Relay1 Default State to N/C (normally closed) will provide the ability to keep the access door closed, but in
case there is a power failure to the phone the relay will open.

The Temperature output seen on the Status section can be offset by adding to the ‘Temperature Calibration’ value.
Note that this value is only an approximation of +/-5 DegC, and only to be used as an indication of the site temperature.




                                                                                                                         21
                                     4.0 Programming Instructions
Keyless Codes




Keyless Entry Codes.

These codes would not normally be used by tenants. The tenant should use there own code for
security.
It’s function is mainly for emergency or site administrators to gain access.
This will activate the relay if there is a match for that group. The same code can not be used in both
groups.
The period that the relay stays on for is the same as that set in the relay option section.
Ensure that this period is set.

The user is required to enter * and the code to open the gate.

For sites that require an Emergency Services access, then it maybe advisable to use a code that is
8 to 10 digits long. As it may not be changed that easily once the code is supplied to the services
personal.




                                                                                                    22
                                      4.0 Programming Instructions
Phone Numbers
The DDC_VoIP phone can be configured with up to 16 buttons,

Each Button, (if fitted) may be set to dial a different phone number. The Name field giving to each
input is for internal reference only and is not required.
The phone number may be an IP address/port number, ie 192.168.1.123:5060. If the unit is not
registered to a SIP server.

Each number maybe set to a URI location like ‘912345678@mysipproxy.org’

The phone numbers within this list maybe used to restrict who can call the DDC_VoIP phone. Refer
to the ‘Enable White-list’ option in the Call Function section.




Special commands within the phone number,
The DDC_VoIP unit can be configured to connect to a PSTN/PBX via a ATA. In this scenario the unit
calls the ATA and then, on answer, the phone then dials the PBX number.
To do this, enter the number or the IP address of the ATA, followed by a pipe character ‘|’, and then
PSTN telephone number to call. (the PBX number may include a pause by adding a comma ‘,’).
Example, if the ATA number is 1234 and the PBX number is 9,91234567, then you would enter
1234|9,91234567.
Note, if all Button calls are made via the ATA, then the number can be loaded in the Dial Prefix
location, In this case the Dial Prefix number would be ‘1234|’.

It may be required to dial this number without each DTMF tone played out over the speaker,
especially so, for long phone numbers like an IP address, to mute dialling, enable the option Dial
numbers silently.




                                                                                                      23
                                                               5.0 Client DataBase
 The DDC Sentinel VoIP phone can store up to 1024 tenants.

 Calls maybe established in 2 ways;
 a) by scrolling through the names via the UP - DOWN arrow buttons, or,
 b) by entering the Room Number followed by a # key.

 Each room number field can be up to 6 digits, and a telephone number field of 32 digits.
 The client has access to both relays, each 4 digits long.
 The Name field is displayed on the LCD (16 character max).




To edit the Clients data, login to the Sentinel’s web page as described earlier in the manual and
select ‘Client DataBase’ from the login page.
Enter the password if it was previously set, then click ‘Enter’.
The data base is shown in groups of 128 records, there are 8 table to make the capacity of 1024
records.
Used the navigation keys at the top of each table << or >>, to display all records.

To the left of the tables there are 2 buttons to access data from PC storage and 2 to access data from
the phone storage.

Before any writes to the phone, it will be required to save the data to the PC first.

Ensure that All data is saved prior to clicking Exit or Clear All.

The file is saved to the PC storage as a CSV.
Be careful when access this data from a common spread sheet program as they will usually
tend to modified the format of the data. This may make it unsuitable to re-load back into the
web page.


 WARNING
 This telephone can not be used for emergency purposes during power failure unless fitted with a
 backup 12 volt battery AND network connection guaranteed.
 To be installed and maintained by authorised service personnel only.



                                                                                                    24
                                                                5.0 Client DataBase




In this section, fill in the corresponding fields,
The first column ‘Name’ will be displayed on the LCD to the user. It should indicate the tenant name
or unit number.
The Room Number column is a number that can be entered at the phone to call the tenant and can
only be numerical digits 0-9, upto 6 digits long.
Note that if you have more than one locations with the same room number, that the first one on the
list is used.

The 3rd column is the Phone Number is the clients telephone number, any number can be used
here If the PBX allows mobile or land line numbers, else they will need to be PBX extensions
numbers for each apartment.

The next two columns Relay Code 1 & 2 will be the relay access codes (4 digits each). These codes
are used to in two ways.
Firstly, when in conversation with the phone the tenant can enter the code on there phones keypad to
let the visitor in.
Secondly, The tenant can use it as a keyless access at the gate. this is done by pressing
   ‘# roomNumber # code’.
This event is also sent to Syslog and SNMP servers if enabled, to record for security purposes.

The last column is used in conjunction with a lift controller if one is installed, it indicates which level
to send the lift. If this is not used then leave this column to 0.

Save the table to computers storage as data is entered by clicking Save CSV, and before it can be
uploaded to the Phone Storage by clicking Write.
Note that ALL data is sorted in alphabetical order (the Name column) prior to Save and Write.



                                                                                                        25
                                                                                                    6.0 PCB Layout
 DDC_VoIP S_11 PCB Layout
 The DDC_VoIP PCB connection may be different from the diagram shown, The layout is of a generic
 configuration, some items may not be installed and/or not required.
                                                                                                                           BUTTON INPUTS
                                                                                                                          Bank2 loc 9 to 16
                                                                                                                          Common to both banks
              RELAY 1+2                                                           KEYPAD                                  Bank1 loc 1 to 8
              NO/NC LINK                                                          CONNECTOR
                                                                                                                J6   J2         Mem loc 1
                           LKR1 AND LKR2



                             NO/NC NO/NC
                                                 RELAY 2
                                                                                                                              BUTTON 1
            RELAY 2
                                                 RELAY 1
            RELAY 1                                                                                                           BUTTON 2

                                                                                                                               Mem loc 16
         BUTTON 1
                                                                                  LCD PORT

         SUPPLY   -
         12-48V    +
                                           DALLAS DELTA CORP

            NETWORK
            INPUT                                                       SPK MIC
            (and PoE)                                                                         +



                                                                                  +-
                                                                        EXT.

                                                                                   EXT. MIC           HANDSET
 LKR1 and LKR2 relay links are used to select the
 normal state of the output contacts.                                   SPEAKER

         Relay linked for normally closed contacts

         Relay linked for normally open contacts



                                                                                              7.0 Specifications
power:                     input voltage                       9 Volts (minimum) - 50 Volts (maximum)

PoE supply:                Class requirements                  IEEE 802.3af, Class 0. (0.44 Watts to 12 Watts)

12V Supply current         -idle mode                          125mA @ 12Vdc                      (1.5 Watts)
consumption:               -on call                            <250mA @ 12Vdc                     (3 Watts)
                                                               <1300mA @ 12Vdc                    (15 Watts) max volume into a 8ohms speaker

relay contacts:            switching maximum                   1A @ 60Vdc / 40Vac SELV or TNV (non inductive load)
                                                               voltage free outputs

temperature:               operating range                     0ºC to +50ºC

SPL:                       ringer output level                 >80dBa @ 1 metre

communication:             Ethernet                            100 BASE-T    /       SIP Protocol
                           CODECs                              G711 (uLaw, aLaw), G726-32, G722, G729

                                                               Vertical and Horizontal
physical:                  panel dimensions (mm)               270 x 130
                           wall cut-out (mm)                   225 x 115 x 40
                           weight (kg)                         approx. 1


                                                                                                                                                 26
                                                             8.0 Release Notes


  DATE:           VERSION:                REVISION NOTES:
  1/5/19          PCB: S_11               Quick Start Guide and Manual
  14/1/20         PCB: S_11_R             Remote relay option
  14/5/20         PCB: S_11_Sent          Sentinel phone option




WARNING
This telephone can not be used for emergency purposes during power failure unless fitted with a
backup 12 volt battery AND network connection guaranteed.
To be installed and maintained by authorised service personnel only.



                                                                                                  27
                       Manufacturing Communication Products
                       Analogue | VoIP | GSM | Fibre
               Designing Customised Communication Systems




                                                         E3589

                                            102 Albert Street   T: +613 9387 7388
                                            Brunswick East      E: sales@dallasdelta.com
                                            VIC Australia       F: +613 9387 3128
                                            3057                www.dallasdelta.com
Manual-VoIP-s11_S r1                                                      28-05-2020
