TT Sentinel Range gives occupants of apartments and office buildings a safe

means to communicate with visitors and a secure way of allowing entry.

The Sentinel Series is designed for unguarded apartments and office buildings. It
offers code access door release, with auto answer and termination of calls. Users can

communicate with visitors and allow keyless entry.

“Designed for a multi-story high nse,
with hardware ujgrade options”

Externally Powered Mk4 VoIP

Designed for general purpose situations, a PSTN An Ethernet connected doorstation that provides Voice
doorstation featuring an interactive voice prompt for over Internet communication technology. Giving you
quick and easy programming (power pack supplied). the power of our PSTN base units in a IP format.
\ Y  \

~~ 2 S$ K

Australian User Low Cost Vandal —
Made Friendly / Ownership Resistant

Cj

Weather
Resistant

The SENTINEL (Keypad & Directory)
A Name & Phone Number capacity of 1000 (16 digits max)

Directory Service

Two on board relays with unique codes (standard)

Half Duplex hand's free operation

Keyless door entry
Dual line LCD with back light

Non volatile memory

Backup battery circuitry built in (MK4 only)

Programmable company logo / building name

Auto hang up and auto answer facilities

Flexible 1 to 6 digit room numbers

RTC recording and storing of gate events (MK4 only)

Loud speaker output of 1 watt peak, one phone line required

> Power pack supplied
Remote operating features (speaker and mic level control) (MK4 only)

Dual remote relay activation (door/gate release)

Local programming facilities

RFID card reader for gate release (optional)

Y
I

E |

Se

Stainless Stee! Enciosure Acryl (Weather shield) Stainless Stee! inside an

—
‘ — i - = — = '
Stainless Steel Acrylic Enclosure Stainless Steel Enclosure Stainless Stee! Flush Mount Stainless Steel Ls
Enclosure (Weather shield) Inside an Acrylic Enclosure Hood Enclosure ‘Wall Box Hood Enclosure. Flush Mount Wall Box
Choose the right enclosure to suit the location, our - Stainless Steel Surface Mount with Acrylic Enclosure
range includes: - Stainless Steel Weather Hood

- Stainless Steel Surface Mount Enclosure - Flush Mount Wall Box (internal zinc plated mild steel)
DallasDelta

Corporation Pty. Ltd.

CN TIN

Sentinel Mk4

(This unit must be installed by qualified personnel)

Sentinel Mk4 Doorstations are a analogue telephone
unit, that controls the main gate from an apartment/
office using the telecommunication network.

The MK4 can be programmed via USB using the Sent-
pro software interface (included).

Remote & Wi-Fi programming options available.
- Externally powered PSTN

- 90 seconds ringer time out

- On board name search directory

- Back lit LCD.

- Vandal resistant 4x3 metal keypad

- Loud speaking and hands-free functions.

- Door Release & gate control

-L series

The standard panel size for all Sentinel units is 130mm
x 270mm, custom panel sizes and layouts can be tailor
made to your needs. Panels are available in either
vertical or horizontal, and can be anodised aluminium
or stainless steel. If you require the panel to be made of
different material or powder coated, this too is available
upon request.

Sentinel VolP

The VoIP model is standard IP-based communications
network and uses the SIP protocol for a fast and reliable
connection to modern PBX systems. Sentinel VoIP can
be PoE or externally powered. It provides the same
remote door/gate release features as the Sentinel Mk3
& Mk4. Programming is via a web browser interface on
a connected network.
— 2 = 6S & Gp

Australian User Low Cost Vandal
Made Friendly Ownership Resistant
MK4 Model VoIP Model

FEATURE

Standby Current 41mA(minimum) 60mA @ 13Vde

Relay Rating(Non inductive Voltage Free) 1A@30Vdc / 1A SELVorTNV 1A@60Vdc/40Vac SELVorTNV

Weather
Resistant

Dimensions Horizontal Units H 130mm W 270mm D 40mm H 130mm W 270mm D 40mm
Speaker Level {Watt 1Watt
Call Buttons keypad + name search keypad + name search

Sentinel Doorstation (vertical)
Dimensions (mm) W130 x H270

Designed to be versitle in
installation, it can be fitted to a
vandal resistant, weather shielding
stainless steel enclosure

(not included)
(Surface mount installation)

Vertical Stainless Steel Enclosure
(304 grade material)

Dimensions (mm) H 275 mm W 133 D 85

Sentinel Doorstation (horizontal)

Dimensions (mm) W 270 X H 130

Horizontal Stainless Steel Enclosure
(304 grade material)

Dimensions (mm) H 133 X W 275 D 85
