SENTRY Series

ae SENTRY Doorstation is an interactive loud-speaking telephone
unit, that at the push of a button authorises a remote door / gate release.

With flexible options to suit most commercial & residential buildings, the
range includes; 1 to 6 buttons standard options, keypad & camera version
doorstations.

“From a gate to a gate house, q
L from. a house to high nse" |

The Sentry Doorstation have been installed in: Carparks, Depots, Apartments,

Airports, Train Stations, Hotels and high security areas.

Australian designed and manufactured, The Sentry unit is designed to withstand
tough conditions and is built to be reliable, weather and vandal resistant.

With a low-cost of ownership, the Sentry Doorstation is the best choice for securing
any property from unwanted entry.
R

Vandal

“— wa = €6S

Australian User Low Cost
Made Friendly Ownership ~~

Choose from either horizontal or vertical stainless steel panels, 1 to 6
buttons, keypad & a camera version (with 1 button or keypad)

| : | , - +a
| q Stainless Steel Enclosure Acrylic Enclosure (Weather shield) Stainless Steel inside an Acrylic Enclosure
*

*
Enclosure (Weather shield) Inside an Acrylic Enclosure Hood Enclosure Wall Box Hood Enclosure Flush Mount Wall Box

Stainless Stee! Acrylic Enclosure Stainless Stee! Enclosure Stainless Steel Flush Mount v_1 Steel

ENCLOSURE OPTIONS
Choose the right enclosure to suit the location, our - Stainless Steel Surface Mount with Acrylic Enclosure
range includes: - Stainless Steel Weather Hood

- Stainless Steel Surface Mount Enclosure - Flush Mount Wall Box (internal zinc plated mild steel)
DallasDelta

Corporation Pty. Ltd.

oN

The Sentry Doorstation ranges from one to six
buttons and can be expanded up to sixteen buttons on
a custom panel. The standard panel (130mm X 270mm)
is made from 304 stainless steel. The metal buttons
and keypad (4x3) are made to be vandal resistant.

Panels are available in either vertical or horizontal,
and can be anodised aluminium or stainless steel. If
you require the panel to be made of different material
(ie. Brass, gold-plated, etc), this too is available upon
request.

With programmable auto dial buttons, the Sentry
doorstations are a user friendly solution for controlled
entry. In the event of noisy environments a push-to-
talk feature can be implemented in order to overcome
the background noise level while on a call. (Available
on all models).

Qptions / Upgrades

The Master / Slave configuration, designed for two
units to run at different heights for a combined car &
truck gate entrance.

Two gate release option, when you require a remote
release of two independent gates or doors from a single
unit. This option is the inclusion of an additional relay,
which can be fitted on request.

Engraving is a permanent way to label a call destination
next to each button, or include the company logo.

The Sentry VioP Camera Version doorstations are
available with a single button or keypad configuration.
The in built camera & light activate once button or
keypad is pressed.

RY Series

Additional Features

Speed dialer option

Vandal resistant buttons or keypad

Battery backup and solar panel (optional)

Remote programming facilities

Remote operating features
Remote diagnostic testing
Remote relay activation
Self identification

Push to talk for noisy environments

Up to 10 keyless entries
Low power operation mode

Handset or hands-free operation

Keypad or button operation (up to 24 buttons)

Stores up to 12 phone numbers (primary numbers)

Two alternative numbers per primary number (local alt. number)

1000-number Caller Line Identification (CLI) for door access control

Two global alternative numbers if required (over-rides local alt. numbers)

¢
Australian
Made

Line Powered

A completely PSTN line powered unit that will supply
sufficient audio level for low noise environments. It features

cP

Weather
Resistant

$

Low Cost
Ownership

R

Vandal
Resistant

222

User
Friendly

VoIP

An Ethernet connected doorstation that provides Voice over
Internet communication technology. Giving you the power

of our PSTN base units in an IP format.

4G/GSM

A wireless mobile phone intercom system using the 4G
network. Powered by external 12V DC Power supply or
Battery & Solar Powered.

easy programming for quick installation.

Externally Powered

Designed for general purpose situations, a PSTN doorstation
featuring an interactive voice prompt for quick and easy
programming (power pack supplied).

Line Powered Externally powered VoIP 3G/GSM

FEATURE

Standby Current 22mA(minimum) 10mA @ 18Vde 60mA @ 13Vde 25mA @ 12Vde

Relay Rating
(Non Inductive Voltage Free)

0.5A@60Vdc/40Vac SELVorTNV 1A@S0Vdc/30Vac SELVorTNV 1A@60Vdc/40Vac SELVorTNV 1A@60Vdc/40VacSELVorTNV

Dimensions Horizontal Units H 130mm W 270mm D 45mm. H 130mm W 270mm D 45mm H 130mm W 270mm D 45mm _—_—H 130mm W 270mm D 45mm

SPL Ringer Output Level >78dBa @ 1 metre >85dBa @ 1 metre >85dBa @ 1 metre >85dBa @ 1 metre

Operating Temperature Range — -10 to +60 -10 to +60 0°C to +50°C 0°C to +50°C
