Australian   User        Low Cost       Vandal      Weather
Made         Friendly    Ownership      Resistant   Resistant




MS-Teams Setup
       VoIP phone setup guide




             53 Barry road, Campbellfield VIC Australia 3061
              tel: (+613) 9387 7388 | fax: (+613) 9387 3128
             sales@dallasdelta.com | www.dallasdelta.com
                                                                         MS-Teams Set up


Teams Set up for Dallas Delta VoIP phones
Your teams system must be enabled with a SIP Gateway.
See Microsoft reference for how to configure your Teams SIP Gateway and your SIP phones.
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/sip-gateway-configure

By using Teams admin center
To enable SIP Gateway in the Teams admin center, follow these steps:
      1.     Go to the Teams admin center
      2.     At the left, under Voice, select Calling policies.
      3.     At the right under Manage policies, select the appropriate calling policy assigned to
             users or, if necessary, create a new calling policy and assign it to the required users.
      4.     Select Manage policies, select a policy, and then select Edit.
      5.     Turn on the setting for SIP devices can be used for calls, and then select Save.

Set the SIP Gateway provisioning server URL
You can set the SIP Gateway provisioning server's URL in your Dynamic Host Configuration
Protocol (DHCP) server. Users who work remotely must configure it manually.

Using DHCP
For each SIP device, the following SIP Gateway provisioning server URLs:
       -     PAC: http://apac.ipp.sdg.teams.microsoft.com
Add SIP devices to your Teams organization by configuring the above SIP Gateway provisioning
server URL in your DHCP server.

Users who work remotely must manually configure the provisioning server URL into their SIP device
by using the following steps:
       1.     Open Settings n the device and get the device's IP address.
       2.     Open a browser window, enter the device’s IP address, log in (if necessary) and
              configure the provisioning server’s URL in the device's web utility.
       3.     Under Settings or Advanced settings on the web utility, enter the provisioning server
              URL shown above.




                                                                     TeamsSetUp.pdf                 1
Example Configuration
A connection made using the “Ringcentral” (example shown) server as a SBC/
Gateway, to connect a 3rd party SIP device to the “MS-Teams server”.
Please consult with other cloud base SIP providers if a connect can be made to the
Teams sever via there system.
 IE: https://expertittelco.com.au
      https://www.aussiebroadband.com.au




                                                               DDC VoIP-S11 setup




                                                                TeamsSetUp.pdf       2
DDC_VoIP-ms setup




TeamsSetUp.pdf   3
