         Australian            User                   Low Cost       Vandal       Weather
         Made                  Friendly               Ownership      Resistant    Resistant




    VoIP Hygienic              S-11 User’s Manual                   VoIP Hygienic Phone S11




HYGIENIC PHONE

DALLAS DELTA Co.
                                               ON/OFF
VoIP-Hgyienic
VOLUME                         VOLUME                     AUTO
              YES         NO                   MUTE      ANSWER
                                                         ON / OFF




                                              FLASH      REDIAL




                                          1 2 3
                                          4 5 6
                                          7 8 9
                                            0 #
                    PRESS DIGIT TO SPEED DIAL
          1           2        3          4               5

         6            7         8          9              0




                                              53 Barry Road Campbellfield VIC 3061
                                     tel: (+613) 9387 7388 | fax: (+613) 9387 3128
                                    sales@dallasdelta.com | www.dallasdelta.com
 Custom Communication Solutions




Dallas Delta Corporation Pty. Ltd. is an established and respected provider of
specialist communications equipment.

We design and manufacture our products in Melbourne and have many thousands of
satisfied customers within Australia and internationally.

Our aim is to supply customers with a quality product and great service for the life of
their product. We believe in a good customer relationship which gives our clients the
support they need in order to establish and build their business.



                www.dallasdelta.com


                sales@dallasdelta.com

                sales | services | spares
                +61 3 9387 7388

                fascimile
                +61 3 9387 3128


                dallasdelta

                head office | repairs
                Dallas Delta Corporation Pty. Ltd.
                53 Barry Road, Campbellfield VIC
                3061 Australia                                                       E3589
Copyright Notice
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, transmitted or stored in a retrieval
system in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise,
without the prior written permission of Dallas Delta Corporation Pty. Ltd.
Dallas Delta Corporation Pty. Ltd. reserves the right to make changes to features and specifications
at any time without prior notification in the interest of ongoing product development and improvement.
© 2017 Dallas Delta Corporation ABN 11 005 617 532
                                          Contents
1.0   Introduction ................................................................          5


2.0   How to Use This Manual ............................................                    5

3.0   Overview ......................................................................        6

4.0   Quick Start Guide ........................................................             7

            4.1 Getting Started - Basic Procedures .......................... 7

            4.2 Logging On to the Home Page ................................. 8

            4.3 Button Call Number Assignment ............................... 9

            4.4 Settings ................................................................. 10

                      4.4.1 Network Settings ..................................................... 10

                      4.4.2 SIP Proxy Settings .................................................. 11

                      4.4.3 System Settings ...................................................... 12

                      4.4.4 Voice Codecs ......................................................... 13

                      4.4.5 Reset Static IP Address (default) ............................ 14

                      4.4.6 Reset DHCP IP Address Range ............................. 14

                      4.4.7 Retrieving the IP Address ........................................14

                      4.4.8 Factory Reset ........................................................ 14




                                                                                                        3
                                         Contents
5.0 Operator User Guide ............................................................. 15

6.0 Programming Instructions .................................................... 17
      Logging in   .................................                                   17
      Settings         ...............................                                 18
      NetWork setup    ...............................                                 18
      Voice Menu     ................................                                  19
      SIP Proxy Settings .............................                                 20
      Calling Functions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      21
      System Settings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      22
      Configurations    ..............................                                 24
      Keyless Codes     ..............................                                 25
      Phone Numbers . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        26

7.0 Specifications        .................. ...........                               27
       Warning . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .


8.0 PCB Layout . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         28

9.0 Wiring Details         .............................                               29




                                                                                            4
                                                                           1.0 Introduction

Thank you for choosing Dallas Delta products. We hope that our product will meet the demands of
your application needs and it will give you many years of trouble free use.

This product was designed primarily for hygienic area applications to make it easy for people working
in clean rooms and operating theatres to take and make telephone calls with the least inconvenience.

The keys were made larger than normal to take into account that the user may be gloved and the
material used for the panel was chosen to be impervious and hard-wearing and easy to be cleaned.

Many features have been incorporated into this model making the hygienic phone user friendly,
reliable, and safe.

Features such as Auto Answer and Auto Hangup allows for less interaction from the user, and the
Soft Ramping Ringer avoids the sound shock from a sudden loud ringing during a critical procedure.

This document outlines the units Features, Operation, Programming instructions and Installation
procedures.




                                                2.0 How to Use this Manual

This manual is set out with the intended use of both installers and end users in mind. It will give you
the ease and quick turn-around time of installation required to get the job done efficiently and will also
give you a very detailed understanding of the unit you are installing and putting into real-world use.

It is very important that installation of this unit is carried out by a qualified personnel to avoid damage
of the unit and correct functionality of the product. It will also ensure that safely requirements are met
for everyday use of this electrical product.

When installing this product for the first time, it is critical to follow the quick start guide to begin with.
This will ensure that your new product is up and running in a very simple and easy manner with as
minimal time as possible.

It is then recommended that the manual be read from cover to cover to allow you to fully understand
the capabilities of your product and be able to obtain the most of this unit.




                                                                                                                 5
                                                                                                                3.0 Overview
                                                                                       Panel Layout
              HYGIENIC PHONE                                                       1   Volume down/Menu Down
         13
               HYGIENIC                                   ON/OFF
                                                                       10          2   Yes / Enter
            Telephone V1.0
                                                     6             AUTO
                                                                             9
                                                                                   3   No / Cancel
              VOLUME                        VOLUME



                                                                                   4   Volume Up / Menu Up
                           YES         NO                 MUTE    ANSWER
                                                                  ON / OFF

              MENU         ENTER     EXIT   MENU
              1            2            3        4
                                                                                   5   Microphone position
                                                          FLASH   REDIAL
                                                     7                       8
                                 5                   SPEED DIAL DIGITS


                                                     1 2 3                         6   Mute / Mute on Answer / PABX Pause entry
                                                     4 5 6 11                      7   Flash / Transfer
         14                                                                        8   Redial
                                                     7 8 9
                                                                                   9   Auto Answer function ON / OFF
                                                       0 #                        10   ON /OFF hook
                                 PRESS DIGIT TO SPEED DIAL
                       1           2        3         4           5
                                                                             12   11   Number entry keypad
                       6           7         8        9           0
                                                                                  12   Speed dial memory directory
                                                                                  13   LCD display


To make a telephone call:
  Press the ON/OFF (10) button then dial the number via the keypad (11).
  To dial from a Speed Dial location just press the assigned keypad digit (11).
  To Redial press the REDIAL (8) button.
  To hang up press the ON/OFF (10) button again.

To change the Volume:
  To increase the speaker volume during a call, if not already set to maximum, press
  the volume UP key (4), to decrease press the volume DOWN key (1).

To mute a call in progress:
  To mute the microphone during a call press MUTE (6), and again to release.

To transfer a call:
  Press the FLASH button(7), and then follow the PBX standard procedures.

To Auto Answer:
  The AUTO ANSWER(9) key enables or disables the Auto Answer function.

  The AUTO HANGUP feature is always enabled and it will hang up the call after a
  number of busy tones.

  The Mute Microphone on Auto Answer facility can be enabled or disabled by
  pressing the MUTE key (6) when off line.

Relay Activation:
  If on board relays are fitted, they may be activated during conversation
  by pressing the relay code for each relay fitted. Each relay has a
  different code. When the relay is activated it will stay on for the period set in
  RelayOnTimer (system section).
  The relay may also be set to activate when ever to phone is in use. (see the
  configuration section ‘Relay In Use’ option.




                                                                                                                                  6
                                                        4.0 Quick Start Guide
4.1 Getting Started - Basic Procedures
There are a few basic procedures that will need to be completed in order to get your hygienic phone
working. Please follow these simple procedures in order before attempting to use your phone:

      > Log on to your phone using a modern web browser
      > Enter basic ‘Network’ parameters
      > Enter basic ‘Systems’ parameters
      > Enter basic ‘SIP Proxy’ parameters
      > Program your call numbers for speed dialling

Below are very simple to follow step-by-step procedures to getting your hygienic phone up and
running:



4.2 Logging On to the Home Page
In order to begin setting up your hygienic phone you must first log into the unit via a web browser
(such as Google Chrome, Firefox, etc.). Log into your hygienic phone by typing in the IP address of
the phone in the address bar.




                                     Hygienic Phone Home Page




                                                                                                      7
                   4.0 Quick Start Guide

1   In the web browser’s address bar, enter the IP address of the
    phone you wish to program.

    The factory default address is 192.168.1.100

    Note: No password is programmed when dispatched from
    factory setup.




2   If you do not know the IP address of the phone, use the
    MENU and YES button on the front panel to navigate to
    “System Info” -> “IP Address”.

    Press ‘MENU’ once followed by ‘YES’ and you will see the IP
    Address. Press ‘NO’ twice to exit the menu.




3   Once you have successfully logged on to the phone’s home
    page, program numbers for the call buttons.

    Select ‘Phone Numbers’ and see the next page




                                                               8
                                                      4.0 Quick Start Guide
4.3 Button Phone Numbers
Here is where phone numbers are allocated to the Speed Dial numbers on the front panel. The
‘Index’ column is the allocated speed dial. Please note, 10 is speed dial 0.
001 = Speed dial 1
002 = Speed dial 2
003 = Speed dial 3
004 = Speed dial 4 (etc.)




                           Button 1
                           Button 2
                           Button 3
                           Button 4




                              Hygienic Phone Speed Dial Assignment


  4                                   Enter a description in the ‘Name’ field of where the call will be
                                      directed.

                                      Enter the phone number you wish the button to call.

                                      Press ‘OK’ to store your new entries.




                                                                                                     9
                                                         4.0 Quick Start Guide
4.4 Settings
4.4.1 Network Settings
Note changing the network settings at this stage will required you to re-log back into the phone if the
IP is changed. If so, follow the steps outlined in 4.2 Logging on to the Home Page.

                                         This page will show the current status of the registration,
  5                                      MAC address, and version number of the F/W.

                                         If you phone requires a static IP address, change connection
                                         type to Static IP and fill out all the fields.

                                         Otherwise leave the phone in DHCP mode to obtain an IP
                                         address automatically. Set “Auto DNS” when using DHCP to
                                         use the settings from the DHCP server.

                                         Care should be taken when setting the VLAN data. Incorrect
                                         settings may require a factory default reset.




                                    Hygienic Phone Network Page

                                                                                                       10
                                                        4.0 Quick Start Guide

                                        4.4.2 SIP Proxy Settings
   6
                                        Set up your SIP Proxy details here.

                                        Select ‘SIP Proxy’ on the side menu to open up the SIP
                                        Proxy settings page.




To setup a basic SIP Registration you will need details setting from the site SIP PBX.
The PBX needs to be configured for a 3rd party SIP profile.
Then fill in the minimum required fields to complete the registration as follows:


SIP Server 1:

SIP Domain 1:

SIP User ID_Name:

SIP Authentication ID:

SIP Authentication PIN:
(This password is
sometimes refer to as
Digest KEY).

SIP Server Port:
(generally this is 5060)

All other settings are not
critical at this point in
time and can be set up
at a later stage.




                                     Hygienic Phone SIP Proxy Settings Page


Press ‘OK’ to save your settings.


                                                                                                 11
                                                         4.0 Quick Start Guide

                                         4.4.3 System Settings
   7
                                         To access the System Settings page, you do not need to
                                         return to the Home page.

                                         Just simply select the ‘System’ link on the side menu.




To setup the System for basic operation, fill in the minimum required fields to complete the
registration as follows:

Relay Code 1:
This is the code used to trigger the onboard relay to open the door, gate, etc.

Note: The relay code is Factory default set to ‘123’ and the relay contact is Normally Open (N/O).


WARNING:
For the relays to
operate in gate release
mode, the ‘Relay Inuse’
option must be set to
‘None’. This can be
found in the ‘Phone
Configuration’ page.
This is Factory default
is ‘None’.

                                                                                  eg. code to open the door/gate.
All other settings are
not critical at this point
in time and can be set
up at a later stage.




Press ‘OK’ to save your
settings.


                                    Hygienic Phone System Settings Page

                                                                                                              12
                                                       4.0 Quick Start Guide

                                       4.4.4 Voice Codec
   8
                                       Most PBX phone systems today will work with the codec
                                       set to G711u (or PCMU).

                                       This product does have other options, select preference
                                       and the order as required.
                                       Note: The PBX can override this settings to match the
                                       other party as part of the SIP protocol. If a match can not
                                       be made the call will terminate.



Select codec priority by adjusting the selected codec in Codec 1 through Codec 5.

The “Frames per TX” option is used to adjust the number of voice frames sent per packet of
voice data. A single frame is 10ms of audio. A good tradeoff between the number of packets sent
versus notable audio delay is to set this to 2, in order to send 20ms of voice data per packet.




                      Hygienic Phone Settings Menu - Network Settings Page

                                                                                                     13
                                 4.0 Quick Start Guide

                 4.4.5 Reset Static IP Address (default)
9                The factory default address is 192.168.1.100
     1   2   3   To set the phone to the default Static IP address, use the
                 programming keypad on the back of the unit and enter the
     4   5   6   following key sequence:
     7   8   9                               *#*#7*1
         0   #
     *           Note: Enter all digits in a continuous motion without pausing
                 in between digit entries.



                 4.4.6 Reset DHCP IP Address Range
10               To set the phone’s IP address to the DHCP range, use the
     1   2   3   programming keypad on the back of the unit and enter the
                 following key sequence:
     4   5   6
                                             *#*#7*2
     7   8   9
                 Note: Enter all digits in a continuous motion without pausing
         0   #   in between digit entries.
     *


11               4.4.7 Retrieving the IP Address
                 To check the IP address of the phone, use the MENU and
                 YES button on the front panel to navigate to “System Info” ->
                 “IP Address”.

                 Press ‘MENU’ once followed by ‘YES’ and you will see the IP
                 Address. Press ‘NO’ twice to exit the menu.




                 4.4.8 Reset the phone back to factory defaults
10               To reset the phone’s parameter back to a clean start (factory
     1   2   3   reset). Enter the following key sequence:

     4   5   6                               *#*#7*9
     7   8   9   Note: This will reset the IP address to static.
                       Clear the Admin PIN. and
         0   #         Erase the SIP proxy details.
     *


                                                                              14
                                             5.0 Operational User Guide
The hygienic telephone operates in hands free mode.
When a speed dial button is pressed, the phone will establish a call to a preset number.

A call duration period may be set, if a limit is required.
The unit can be configured to auto-answer a call or redirect to a forwarding number the call has not
been answered within the preset period.

Whilst ringing, the unit can be answered by pressing any button on the front panel.

If the called party is busy or if the number is not answered, the call can be re-direct to up to 2
alternate numbers. Refer to the ‘Call Function Section- Divert Numbers’.


Relay Control
Two on board relays may be fitted to the hygienic phone, each may be switched on during
conversation by the remote operator or either one can be configured to be activated when the call is
initiated.

Remote relay control:
The hygienic phone is currently shipped fitted with one relay as standard. The second relay is
installed on request.
The remote operator may activate the on board relay(s) by entering the code set for that relay.
For example, if relay 1 code is set to 95, then remotely typing 95 will activate it, (refer to page 21).

A response beep will indicate that the code was correct and the relay has activated. No response
tone indicates an error in the code and the process should be repeated after a minium 3 second
delay.
(NB, as relay 2 is optionally fitted, the response will be the same whether the relay is installed or
not.)
DTMF remote control uses RFC2833 or INFO protocol.

Call initiated relay control:
Either one of the relays may be configured to switch on from when the call button is pressed or from
when it starts ringing.
This function may be used to control an external camera, light or to initiate an alarm, etc.
The relay will stay on for the duration of the call.
(refer to Relay Inuse in the Configuration Section).




WARNING
This telephone can not be used for emergency purposes during power failure unless fitted
with a backup 12 volt battery AND network connection guaranteed.
To be installed and maintained by authorised service personnel only.


                                                                                                       15
                                            5.0 Operational User Guide

LCD Display



The LCD is used to inform the user of the current status and operation of the hygienic telephone.
On the idle screen, the current phone number is displayed (in the example above, it is 1000).

During a call it will show call duration, and the number dialled.



Menu Functions
Using the ‘MENU’, ‘YES’ and ‘NO’ buttons below the LCD you can navigate through a simple to
use menu system. It provides basic information about the current status of the phone, including
the IP address and other network settings, the model and current firmware version.

It also provides the ability to change between static or DHCP network mode, to aid with initial
setup.




                                                                                                    16
                                    6.0 Programming Instructions
PROGRAMMING
Login page

The hygienic phone is programmed by logging into the phones web page.
Use a modern web browser (Chrome or Firefox for example), enter the phones IP address into
the “URL Location Bar” at the top of the screen.
If you do not know the IP address of the phone, then refer to page 14 on ‘Retrieving the IP
Address’.
At the login page, type in the password and click the ‘Enter’ button.

By default units are delivered with no password.




                                                                         URL Location Bar




                                                                                              17
                                    6.0 Programming Instructions
SETTING MENU
On entering this section, the current status of the telephone will be displayed.
The SIP Register is updated every 8 seconds.
Submenu’s are shown on the left of the WEB page, the first section is for ‘Network settings’ and
will enable you to change IP address, subnet mask and gateway and option to set DNS server
setting. The other sections are describe in the following pages of this manual.




Network Settings
The Connection Type enables the unit to be connected via a STATIC IP or DHCP address
mode.
If the connection is DHCP then the IP address, Mask and Gateway are automatically assigned
by the server.
When set to a Static IP, a suitable IP address, Subnet Mask and Gateway address will be
required to suit the local area network (LAN).
If you change the IP address you are then required to restart by logging in using the new IP
address.
In most cases the DNS Server IP can remain set to Auto DNS, in this mode the DHCP sever
will assign the DNS automatically. If however, it is required, enable Manual DNS and set the
Primary and Secondary DNS address.
If the network switch provides QoS traffic control, then set the Layer 2 & 3 QoS values to
match.

Set the VLAN tag option for networks with VLAN option enabled. Take care here as once this is
set then the PC/Laptop you are using may not have the VLAN option enabled. You will not be
able to communicate with the phone.

                                                                                                   18
                                      6.0 Programming Instructions
Voice
In this section, select the order and preferred codecs, plus the amount of frames per packet to
sent for each codec type.
Also, select the options that effect the different codecs used and DTMF sending method and
payloads.




When selecting the codecs consider the data rate that will be required by your network. As a
guild the list here show the data bit rate required for each codec, if the network is via a low
speed ADSL then the PCMu/a may not be a suitable choice.
Table 1. Codec comparison
Codec                       bit rate (kbit/s)
G.711(PCMu /a)              64
G726-32                     32
G.729                       8
G.722                       32

The Frames per TX selects how many blocks of voice data (10mS segments) are transmitted
with each packet sent over the network, typically 2 - 4 is recommended.
The Send DTMF selects how the unit will send DTMF digits over the network.
There are 2 protocols available, RFC2833 and INFO.
The remaining options set the payload required for each protocol and it is recommend that the
default values be used.




                                                                                                  19
                                    6.0 Programming Instructions
SIP Proxy
The parameters on this page will identify the SIP server and SIP authentication details.
Your ISP or network administrator will provide the necessary information to be used here.




SIP Server1 will be the main running location and the SIP Server2 can be the fail over location if
available. The User detail will be the same in both servers
When SIP registration is required with the server then enable this option. If the phone is configured
to dial a direct IP location and no SIP server is used then leave this option disabled.
If the server is via an Outbound Proxy, then use the SIP Server field for this proxy and enable the
option Use SIP Server as the Outbound Proxy.
The user ID’s, and PIN are supplied by the ISP/Network administrator, this information is case
sensitive and should be typed in correctly. The Displayed Name is relayed to the connecting IP
telephone as a caller ID and is optional. (Not all PBX relay this field).
SIP and RTP port numbers are sent to the router/firewall and are use to provide paths for voice and
control data to and from the phone.
The Register Expiration and the Keep Alive timers keep the SIP server mapping and NAT ports
open. The Registration Attempts sets how many failed attempts before rebooting the phone, this
maybe preferred to re-opbtain a new IP from the DHCP server and start from fresh.
If a Provisional Response Acknowledge PRACK is required within your network, then enable the
Support PRACK(100rel,RFC3262) option.
When network server is behind a NAT, enable the NAT Traversal and set either the NAT IP or
STUN server address and port.


                                                                                                  20
                                         6.0 Programming Instructions
Calling Functions
This section controls the way the phone makes and receives calls.




Forward to Number will set the telephone number that will be called when calls are redirected by one of
three methods:
1) if the Forward unconditionally is set to yes (any calls made to the phone will be immediately
redirected).
2) When on busy is set, then any attempt to call the unit when the phone is in use will be redirected.
3) Any un-answered call will also be redirected to this number when the Forward When No Answer switch
is set and the Incoming, No Answer Timeout period has elapsed. (The Auto-answer option needs to be
disable, for this to function).

The Incoming, No Answer Timeout period is also used the in conjunction with the Auto Answer switch.
Set this option to 0 if the phone is not required to auto-answer.

The digits in the Dial Prefix are added to the any number dialled via the keypad or the preprogrammed
button numbers.

When the hygienic phone is making a call, it is possible to divert the call to 2 alternate numbers if the other
party is busy or doesn’t answer. To enable this function, enter the Divert Numbers and set the Outgoing,
No Answer Period a value in second.
The Divert for buttons only is used if your unit has both buttons and a keypad installed.

The Dialling Timeout period sets how long to wait after the last digit pressed before dialling the number.
The other option is to enable the Use # to Call to initiate dialling (only when dialling via a keypad).




                                                                                                              21
                                     6.0 Programming Instructions
System Settings
Set the hygienic phone audio levels, relay options, Syslog details and time of day functions are
adjusted in this section. Audio levels for the phone should be re-check on site.

The on board relay(s) may be used for gate or door/area access control, back ground lighting or
camera activation. They can be remotely activated or enabled when the hygienic phone is in use.




The Administration Password is used to gain access to the web page. For added security set
and document this password. The phone is supplied with no password set.
The microphone and the speaker levels for the handset (if fitted) and in the hands-free circuit, is
adjusted to suit site background noise, when possible keep these level low, as un-necessary
noise will be transmitted back to the remote operator.
If the phone does have a handset installed, then enable the option and set the audio levels as
required for the handset.
Set the Ringer Volume, Dial Tone levels to suit site conditions.
Conversation period may be limited if desired, to set this, enter a period in minutes into the
Conversation Timer field. If no timer is required then enter a 0 to disable this function.
The onboard relay may be activated remotely when the remote operator dials the digits that
matches the fields for Relay 1 & Relay 2 code. Note that relay 2 is optionally fitted.
Use the Relay on timer field for the duration required. Or set it to 0, to remain on for the duration
of the call.
Debugging can be enabled by Syslog server and/or UDP. If this is not required then disable
these options. refer to the next page for more details on these option

  NOTE: ACA maximum levels:
          Do not exceed the handset maximum levels, for conformity and comfort keep
          handset levels to a minimum.

                                                                                                      22
                                      6.0 Programming Instructions
System Settings           continued

Debug Options:
  For some installation, it may be required to record events that occur at the phone.
These events may include;
          which button is pressed
          when a relay is activated remotely
          when the handset is on or off hook
          on ringing (incoming call)
          system reboot
          start of call and at auto answer
          at the end of a call
          and a status of it’s current state, ie Logged-on or not at set intervals.

This information is stored at an allocated server and the protocol used is SYSLOG on port 514.
Although generally on a Linux systems, SYSLOG programmes can be sought for the Windows
system as well.
Each event is timed stamp with the phone ID and IP address. To enable this function set the IP of
the SYSLOG server and the intervals.
The hygienic phone outputs general debugging information on a continuous basis on port 8225.
If high traffic is a concern then disable the Enable Debug output option.
The ‘time of day’ used within the phone and for Syslog is set either from the SNTP server or the
SIP server. If the LAN does not have access to a SNTP server then set this field to 0.0.0.0

The SNTP Server (simple network time protocol) provides ‘time of day’ for syslog events.
SNTP is on port ‘123’. If the phone is connected to the internet then a site like
‘time.windows.com’ or ‘0.au.pool.ntp.org’ may be used.
Select the State/ Country in the Time Zone option and whether to use ‘DayLight saving’ time
adjust is required in the next 2 fields




                                                                                                   23
                                         6.0 Programming Instructions
Configuration
This configuration section control some of the hardware and functions of the phone.


The ‘Relay In Use’ will allow either relay to switch on whenever the phone is being used. It will set the relay
on when making and receiving a calls and stay on for the duration of the call.

Enable ‘Soft Ramp Ringer‘ to have the incoming call ring volume ascend slowly over time as to reduce the
chance of shock to nearby persons performing delicate or careful operations.




When a call is made via pressing a Speed-Dial key, the tones of each digit may be muted, which is useful for
long phone numbers. If this suits, then enable the ‘Dial Number Silently’ option.

In addition to the other debugging options, this product also can send SNMP traps to a server. It uses v2c
protocol, If used then this protocol requires your community name as well as one or two servers IP
addresses. It has an enterprises code of 1.3.6.1.4.1.45255.1.1.1.0 to .10.
A typical Get command would be ‘snmpget -v2c -c DDC_VoIP 192.168.1.100 1.3.6.1.4.1.45255.1.1.1.0’.
The Auto Provisioning Server maybe set up if the company has many phones on the network, allowing the
admin officer to make changes to the functions of the phone as an alternative method to accessing via the
web page. Generally, for few phones the web access is an easier method.

The Temperature output seen on the Status section can be offset by adding to the ‘Temperature Calibration’
value. Note that this value is only an approximation of +/-5 DegC, and only to be used as an indication of the
site temperature.




                                                                                                              24
                                      6.0 Programming Instructions
Keyless Codes




Keyless codes are typically used to allow entry from one area to another. By entering the keyless
entry code in the front panel a relay will be activated.
This will only activate relay1 of the phone. The period that the relay stays on for is the same as that
set in the relay option section. (refer to page 22).
The user is required to enter * and the code to open the gate.
For areas that require an Emergency Services access, then it maybe advisable to use a code that is
8 to 10 digits long, as it may not be changed that easily once the code is supplied to the Emergency
services personal.




                                                                                                     25
                                      6.0 Programming Instructions
Phone Numbers
The hygienic phone has 10 speed dial buttons on the front panel.

Each button may be set to dial a different phone number. The Name field given to each input is for
internal reference only and is not required.
The phone number may be an IP address/port number (i.e. 192.168.1.123:5060) if the unit is not
registered to a SIP server.

Each number maybe set to a URI location like ‘912345678@mysipproxy.org’




Special commands within the phone number,
The hygienic phone can be configured to connect to a PSTN/PBX via a ATA. In this scenario the unit
calls the ATA and then, on answer, the phone then dials the PBX number.
To do this, enter the number or the IP address of the ATA, followed by a pipe character ‘|’, and then
PSTN telephone number to call. (the PBX number may include a pause by adding a comma ‘,’).
Example, if the ATA number is 1234 and the PBX number is 9,91234567, then you would enter
1234|9,91234567.
Note, if all calls are made via the ATA, then the number can be loaded in the Dial Prefix location, In
this case the Dial Prefix number would be ‘1234|’.

It may be required to dial this number without each DTMF tone played out over the speaker,
especially so, for long phone numbers like an IP address, to enable silence dialling, enable the option
Dial numbers silently (refer to page 24).




                                                                                                     26
                                                                  7.0 Specifications

power:             input voltage              9 Volts (minimum) - 50 Volts (maximum)

PoE supply:        Class requirements         Class 0. (0.44 Watts to 12 Watts)


current            -idle mode                 125mA @ 12Vdc          (1.5 Watts)
consumption:       -on call                   <250mA @ 12Vdc         (3 Watts)
                                              <1300mA @ 12Vdc        (15 Watts) max volume into a 8ohms speaker


relay contacts:    switching maximum          1A @ 60Vdc / 40Vac SELV or TNV (non inductive load)
                                              voltage free outputs

temperature:       operating range            0ºC to +50ºC

SPL:               ringer output level        >80dBa @ 1 metre

communication:     Ethernet                   100 BASE-T
                   Connection protocol        SIP
                   CODECs                     G711 (uLaw, aLaw), G726-32, G722, G729



physical:          panel dimensions (mm)      280 x 245
                   wall cut-out (mm)          230 x 225 x 40
                   weight (kg)                approx. 1.4




                                                      pins                 pins
                                                      1
                                                                           1 = TXP
                                                      2                    2 = TXN
                                                      3                                          mode A
                                                      4
                                                      5                    3 = RXP               PoE
                                                      6
                                                      7                    6 = RXN
                                                      8

                                                                           4,5 = Spare          mode B
                                                                           7,8 = Spare          PoE
                       RJ45 Ethernet connector




 WARNING
 This telephone can not be used for emergency purposes during power failure unless fitted with a
 backup 12 volt battery AND network connection guaranteed.
 To be installed and maintained by authorised service personnel only.



                                                                                                                  27
                                                                                             8.0 PCB Layout
DDC_VoIP S_11 PCB Layout
The DDC_VoIP PCB connection may be different from the diagram shown, The layout is of a generic
configuration, some items may not be installed and/or not required.
                                                                                                                      BUTTON INPUTS
                                                                                                                     Bank2 loc 9 to 16
                                                                                                                     Common to both banks
    RELAY 1+2                                                                KEYPAD                                  Bank1 loc 1 to 8
    NO/NC LINK                                                               CONNECTOR
                                                                                                           J6   J2         Mem loc 1
                 LKR1 AND LKR2



                   NO/NC NO/NC
                                       RELAY 2
                                                                                                                         BUTTON 1
  RELAY 2
                                       RELAY 1
  RELAY 1                                                                                                                BUTTON 2

                                                                                                                          Mem loc 16
 BUTTON 1
                                                                             LCD PORT

SUPPLY   -
12-48V   +
                                 DALLAS DELTA CORP

  NETWORK
  INPUT                                                            SPK MIC
  (and PoE)                                                                              +



                                                                             +-
                                                                   EXT.

                                                                   SPEAKER    EXT. MIC        HANDSET


     LKR1 and LKR2 relay links are used to select
     the normal state of the output contacts.                                                               BANK1
                                                                                                                      BUTTON 1
                                                                                                                      BUTTON 2
                                                                                                                      BUTTON 3
              Relay linked for normally closed contacts                                                               BUTTON 4
                                                                                                                      BUTTON 5
                                                                                                                      BUTTON 6
                                                                                                                      BUTTON 7
              Relay linked for normally open contacts                                                                 BUTTON 8



                                                                                                                      BUTTON 16
                                                              BUTTON 2                                                BUTTON 15
                                                                                                                      BUTTON 14
                                                                                                                      BUTTON 13
                                                                                                                      BUTTON 12
                                                                                                                      BUTTON 11
                                                 BUTTON 1                                                             BUTTON 10
                                                                                                                      BUTTON 9
                                                                                                             BANK2
                                      Button Contact                                                    J6 and J2 Button
                                      Details                                                                inputs

                                                        BUTTON 9




                                                                                                                                       28
                                                               9.0 Connection Details
      ELECTRICAL WIRING




                                                     POWER
                                                     +

                                                             Ethernet
Relay contacts are rated as follows :                        NetWork 10baseT
1 A @ 50 V DC Non-inductive                                  (with PoE optional)
1 A @ 30 V AC Non-inductive
N/O or N/C                                                     Note that power to the unit may be either supplied
switch set by      RELAY 1 & 2                                 through the Ethernet connection or via the 12 Volt
jumper LKR1 / LKR2                                             Power Pack,
                                                               Ethernet power can be induced over the Tx/Rx data
                        Emergency                              pair or the spare pairs 4,5 and 7,8.
                          button                               Pins 4,5 are connected together and pins 7,8 on the
                                                               PCB.
                                                               The polarity of this connection is NOT critical.


                                       Power pack
                                   optional, if no PoE


          WARNING
          This telephone can not be used for emergency purposes during power failure
          unless fitted with a backup 12 volt battery AND network connection guaranteed.

          Note: All wiring is to be routed away from high EMI radiating devices,
          such as transformers, fluorescent lighting etc.

                                                                                                               29
                      Manufacturing Communication Products
                      Analogue | VoIP | GSM | Fibre
                 Designing Customised Communication Systems




                                                      E3589


                                           53 Barry RD     T: +613 9387 7388
                                           Campbellfield   E: sales@dallasdelta.com
                                           VIC 3061        F: +613 9387 3128
                                                           www.dallasdelta.com
Manual-VoIP-HYG-S11                                                  15-11-2022
v3
pcb: s11 Apr19
